included	classification_title	N	title	abstract
NaN		1478	"Østergaard, L. D. (2016). """"Inquiry-Based Learning Approach in Physical Education: Stimulating and Engaging Students in Physical and Cognitive Learning."""" Journal of Physical Education, Recreation & Dance 87(2): 7-14."""""	" Inquiry is an approach that promotes engagement, motivation and learning, and which involves use of cognitive knowledge, bodily experience and communicative skills. Usually the inquiry method with skills like observations, planning, investigations, experimenting and drawing conclusions is related to natural sciences, but this paper describes an inquiry-based learning approach used in physical education teacher education. The first phase in inquiry work is to discuss and reflect on a given question or challenge which is realistic and relevant for the students. In the described example, the challenges were how it was possible in a given sports arena to modify or create a ball game for lower secondary students (grade 8) to fulfill three distinctive curriculum-related goals (selected by the student teacher). In the next phases the students in groups were to discuss, argue and formulate predictions of how to deal with the challenge, and then by using the inquiry skills mentioned above they were to investigate, test and collect data to confirm or disapprove their prediction. Together with the other students they finally played their game and discussed, concluded and criticized their findings in relation to the prediction. Based on observations of and interviews with students who have been taught by means of the inquiry method it is apparent that the students, besides enhancing their motivation and engagement in physical education teacher education, also enhanced both physical and cognitive learning by using bodily experiences, cognitive knowledge, communicative skills and inquiry-based skills."""
0	"Åkerström, J. and E. Brunnberg (2013). Young people as partners in research: Experiences from an interactive research circle with adolescent girls."" Qualitative Research 13(5): 528-545."""	26	"Åkerström, J. and E. Brunnberg (2013). """"Young people as partners in research: Experiences from an interactive research circle with adolescent girls."""" Qualitative Research 13(5): 528-545."""""	" This article presents an interactive research methodology for young people’s participation in research. A model of the research circle, based on the Scandinavian study-circle tradition with democratic ideals, was created and is described. The empirical example is from Sweden. Academic researchers invited young people to be research partners in a research circle. The asymmetrical relationship between the researchers and the young research partners made asymmetric responsibility and respect into central parts of the methodology. The interactive process in the research circle concerns research fundamentals: developing methodological knowledge, designing a study, how to formulate the research questions from the viewpoint of young people, how to analyze from a generational insider perspective, and how to handle institutionalized and asymmetric power relations in social knowledge formation. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Ávila Caica, O. L. (2011). Teacher: Can You See What I'm Saying? A Research Experience with Deaf Learners (Profe: ¿Puedes ""ver"" lo que estoy diciendo? Una experiencia de investigación con alumnos sordos)."" PROFILE: Issues in Teachers' Professional Development 13(2): 131-146."""	94	"Ávila Caica, O. L. (2011). """"Teacher: Can You See What I'm Saying? A Research Experience with Deaf Learners (Profe: ¿Puedes """"ver"""" lo que estoy diciendo? Una experiencia de investigación con alumnos sordos)."""" PROFILE: Issues in Teachers' Professional Development 13(2): 131-146."""""	" This paper reports a study carried out with eleven deaf volunteers who belonged to different academic programs at a Colombian public university but did not receive English instruction as part of their professional training. The main goal of the research study was to identify the effect of using Internet resources as support for the design and development of a blended English course for deaf university students. The data were collected by means of surveys, artifacts, logs and a recorded interview to understand what worked well for deaf students and what barriers could interfere with their English learning. The study revealed some insights into the learning process of deaf students and their preference for collaborative learning and tasks linked to visual media."""
1	"Añino, M. M., et al. (2014). Early Error Detection: An Action-Research Experience Teaching Vector Calculus."" International Journal of Mathematical Education in Science and Technology 45(3): 378-395."""	68	"Añino, M. M., et al. (2014). """"Early Error Detection: An Action-Research Experience Teaching Vector Calculus."""" International Journal of Mathematical Education in Science and Technology 45(3): 378-395."""""	" This paper describes an action-research experience carried out with second year students at the School of Engineering of the National University of Entre Ríos, Argentina. Vector calculus students played an active role in their own learning process. They were required to present weekly reports, in both oral and written forms, on the topics studied, instead of merely sitting and watching as the teacher solved problems on the blackboard. The students were also asked to perform computer assignments, and their learning process was continuously monitored. Among many benefits, this methodology has allowed students and teachers to identify errors and misconceptions that might have gone unnoticed under a more passive approach."""
0	"Aaron, L. S. and C. M. Roche (2012). Teaching, Learning, and Collaborating in the Cloud: Applications of Cloud Computing for Educators in Post-Secondary Institutions."" Journal of Educational Technology Systems 40(2): 95-111."""	1	"Aaron, L. S. and C. M. Roche (2012). """"Teaching, Learning, and Collaborating in the Cloud: Applications of Cloud Computing for Educators in Post-Secondary Institutions."""" Journal of Educational Technology Systems 40(2): 95-111."""""	" ""Cloud computing"""" refers to the use of computing resources on the Internet instead of on individual personal computers. The field is expanding and has significant potential value for educators. This is discussed with a focus on four main functions: file storage, file synchronization, document creation, and collaboration--each of which has applications for educators. Cloud-based application suites such as Google Apps, Zoho, and Microsoft Office 365 are important tools. In addition, web-based tools such as Google Scholar and Zotero can enhance the learning and research experience. This discussion is enriched by the results of a survey of 80 faculty members delivered in May 2011. The respondents fell into two groups--those who currently use cloud computing and those who do not. Results reveal the areas of interest, future projections, and the concerns of both groups. (Contains 3 tables and 1 figure.)"""""
0	"Abbasi, A. S., et al. (2011). Team management: The Islamic paradigm."" African Journal of Business Management 5(5): 1975-1982."""	2	"Abbasi, A. S., et al. (2011). """"Team management: The Islamic paradigm."""" African Journal of Business Management 5(5): 1975-1982."""""	" The success of any organization greatly depends on the collective performance of teams working under that umbrella. Therefore to measure/monitor the effectiveness of a team is of vital importance for both practitioners and researchers. Many researchers have presented their models explaining how to respond to this concern. This study critically analyzes the existing methods of assessing effectiveness of teams and found two main deficiencies in the current models (lack of accountability and satisfaction). The current study provides 'team management and the Islamic paradigm' (TMIP) instrument to measure the effectiveness of team performance, thus filling the gap in contemporary approaches. Although TMIP instrument is based on the Islamic perspective, it provides a unique blend of Islamic and existing ways of measuring the effectiveness of team management. TMIP instrument analyzes team effectiveness from three dimensions including values, environment and rewards and accountability. This is a seminar work from an Islamic perspective  however, future research opportunities, given at the end of this paper, can open new horizons of research for Islamic scholars."""
0	"Abdalla, M., et al. (2016). The Importance of Global Health Experiences in the Development of New Cardiologists."" Journal of the American College of Cardiology 67(23): 2789-2797."""	3	"Abdalla, M., et al. (2016). """"The Importance of Global Health Experiences in the Development of New Cardiologists."""" Journal of the American College of Cardiology 67(23): 2789-2797."""""	" As the global burden of cardiovascular disease continues to increase worldwide, nurturing the development of early-career cardiologists interested in global health is essential to create a cadre of providers with the skill set to prevent and treat cardiovascular diseases in international settings. As such, interest in global health has increased among cardiology trainees and early-career cardiologists over the past decade. International clinical and research experiences abroad present an additional opportunity for growth and development beyond traditional cardiovascular training. We describe the American College of Cardiology International Cardiovascular Exchange Database, a new resource for cardiologists interested in pursuing short-term clinical exchange opportunities abroad, and report some of the benefits and challenges of global health cardiovascular training in both resource-limited and resource-abundant settings. (C) 2016 by the American College of Cardiology Foundation."""
1	"Abderhalden, F. P., et al. (2016). Crime, Camping, and Fear: Developing High Impact Practices in Criminal Justice."" Journal of Criminal Justice Education 27(3): 410-431."""	4	"Abderhalden, F. P., et al. (2016). """"Crime, Camping, and Fear: Developing High Impact Practices in Criminal Justice."""" Journal of Criminal Justice Education 27(3): 410-431."""""	" High Impact Practices (HIPs) have been shown to increase critical thinking skills, student engagement, persistence, and GPA. Examples of HIPs include research experiences, collaborative projects, study abroad, and internships. One of the main characteristics of a HIP is the effort they require. This effort not only applies to the experience, but the development of the experience itself. In the fall of 2014, a HIP was utilized to provide criminal justice students an opportunity to engage in research and data collection. This paper will explore the logistics, best practices, benefits, and pitfalls of developing a high impact practice."""
0	"Aboelela, S. W., et al. (2007). Defining Interdisciplinary Research: Conclusions from a Critical Review of the Literature."" Health Services Research 42(1, part 1): 329-346."""	5	"Aboelela, S. W., et al. (2007). """"Defining Interdisciplinary Research: Conclusions from a Critical Review of the Literature."""" Health Services Research 42(1, part 1): 329-346."""""	" Objective: To summarize findings from a systematic exploration of existing literature and views regarding interdisciplinarity, to discuss themes and components of such work, and to propose a theoretically based definition of interdisciplinary research. Data Sources/Study Setting: Two major data sources were used: interviews with researchers from various disciplines, and a systematic review of the education, business, and health care literature from January 1980 through January 2005. Study Design: Systematic review of literature, one-on-one interviews, field test (survey). Data Collection/Extraction Methods: We reviewed 14 definitions of interdisciplinarity, the characteristics of 42 interdisciplinary research publications from multiple fields of study, and 14 researcher interviews to arrive at a preliminary definition of interdisciplinary research. That definition was then field tested by 12 individuals with interdisciplinary research experience, and their responses incorporated into the definition of interdisciplinary research proposed in this paper. Principal Findings: Three key definitional characteristics were identified: the qualitative mode of research (and its theoretical underpinnings), existence of a continuum of synthesis among disciplines, and the desired outcome of the interdisciplinary research. Conclusion: Existing literature from several fields did not provide a definition for interdisciplinary research of sufficient specificity to facilitate activities such as identification of the competencies, structure, and resources needed for health care and health policy research. This analysis led to the proposed definition, which is designed to aid decision makers in funding agencies/program committees and researchers to identify and take full advantage the interdisciplinary approach, and to serve as a basis for competency-based formalized training to provide researchers with interdisciplinary skills. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Abramovich, S. and E. K. Cho (2009). Mathematics, Computers, and Young Children as a Research-Oriented Learning Environment for a Teacher Candidate."" Asia Pacific Education Review 10(2): 247-259."""	6	"Abramovich, S. and E. K. Cho (2009). """"Mathematics, Computers, and Young Children as a Research-Oriented Learning Environment for a Teacher Candidate."""" Asia Pacific Education Review 10(2): 247-259."""""	" The advent of computer technology in the classroom raised the issue of its appropriate use by teachers and their students alike. It has been recommended that teacher education programs provide more opportunities for teacher candidates' use of technology including teaching their own technology-enhanced lessons. With a goal of integrating scholarship into student teaching, a teacher candidate enrolled in a graduate program in childhood education carried out a technology-enhanced research project within a professional development school. Examining the impact of the project on the teacher candidate, this article describes how one's pedagogical content knowledge and technological competence can be developed through a research-oriented teaching experience. The article also demonstrates the emergence of a community of practice that shares the goal of providing learning spaces for the teacher candidate and young children in the context of mathematics enrichment with computers."""
0	"Abramson, E. L., et al. (2014). Research training among pediatric residency programs: A national assessment."" Academic Medicine 89(12): 1674-1680."""	7	"Abramson, E. L., et al. (2014). """"Research training among pediatric residency programs: A national assessment."""" Academic Medicine 89(12): 1674-1680."""""	" Purpose: The Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education (ACGME) states that 'residents should participate in scholarly activity.' However, there is little guidance for effectively integrating scholarly activity into residency. This study was conducted to understand how pediatric residency programs meet ACGME requirements and to identify characteristics of successful programs. Method: The authors conducted an online cross-sectional survey of all pediatric residency program directors in October 2012, assessing program characteristics, resident participation in scholarly activity, program infrastructure, barriers, and outcomes. Multivariate logistic regression was used to identify characteristics of programs in the top quartile for resident scholarly activity participation. Results: The response rate was 52.8% (105/199 programs). Seventy-seven (78.6%) programs required scholarly activity, although definitions were variable. When including only original research, systematic reviews or meta-analyses, and case reports or series with references, resident participation averaged 56% (range 0%–100%). Characteristics associated with high-participation programs included a scholarly activity requirement (odds ratio [OR] = 5.5, 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.03–30.0)  program director belief that all residents should present work regionally or nationally (OR = 4.7, 95% CI = 1.5–15.1)  and mentorship by >25% of faculty (OR = 3.6, CI = 1.2–11.4). Only 47.1% (41) of program directors were satisfied with resident participation, and only 30.7% (27) were satisfied with the quality of research training provided. Conclusions: The findings suggest that resident scholarly activity experience is highly variable and suboptimal. Identifying characteristics of successful programs can improve the resident research training experience. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Aceska, N. (2016). New Science Curriculum Based on Inquiry Based Learning--A Model of Modern Educational System in Republic of Macedonia."" Journal of Education in Science, Environment and Health 2(1): 1-12."""	8	"Aceska, N. (2016). """"New Science Curriculum Based on Inquiry Based Learning--A Model of Modern Educational System in Republic of Macedonia."""" Journal of Education in Science, Environment and Health 2(1): 1-12."""""	" The process of globalization, more progressive development of the scientific findings, new technology and the way of communicating with the new forms of literacy in which the most secure spot has been taken by the development of natural sciences in the spirit of ""sustainable development"""" have been the reasons that make science and sustainable development an educational imperative. The development of """"natural sciences"""" in the educational processes in Republic of Macedonia has become an essential process which is being permanently improved with the goal to find the best solutions for its improvement. Currently, all of the elementary grade teachers have to face this process. One of the most recent changes is the study of natural sciences according to the adapted educational """"curriculum"""" from the Cambridge International Examination Center. The goal of this reform is to lead the students on the right way of becoming future """"scientists"""". The programs include research that encourages students to ask questions and derive the answers themselves with the support from their teachers. This is a proven method with which natural science classes will become more interesting for the students and the findings will remain learned. The educational curriculum also allows the students to develop their critical thinking and to think and use the proofs. Students will easily learn that natural sciences are important and can help them in solving everyday life's problems according to the principles of education for sustainable development. A very important part in the adaptation and realization of the adapted educational curriculum from the Cambridge International Examination Center is being played by the """"information and communication technology"""" (""""ICT"""") that is a very useful resource for the development of the knowledge, skills and understanding among students. ICT needs to improve the quality of the teaching. The teachers will have the opportunity to choose and use the most appropriate and effective ICT resources."""""
0	"Ackers, L. (2008). Internationalisation, Mobility and Metrics: A New Form of Indirect Discrimination?"" Minerva: A Review of Science, Learning and Policy 46(4): 411-435."""	9	"Ackers, L. (2008). """"Internationalisation, Mobility and Metrics: A New Form of Indirect Discrimination?"""" Minerva: A Review of Science, Learning and Policy 46(4): 411-435."""""	" This paper discusses the relationship between internationalisation, mobility, quality and equality in the context of recent developments in research policy in the European Research Area (ERA). Although these developments are specifically concerned with the growth of research capacity at European level, the issues raised have much broader relevance to those concerned with research policy and highly skilled mobility. The paper draws on a wealth of recent research examining the relationship between mobility and career progression with particular reference to a recently completed empirical study of doctoral mobility in the social sciences (Ackers et al. ""Doctoral Mobility in the Social Sciences."""" Report to the NORFACE ERA-Network, 2007). The paper is structured as follows. The first section introduces recent policy developments including the European Charter for Researchers and Code of Conduct for the Recruitment of Researchers and the European Commission's Green Paper on the ERA. The discussion focuses on concerns around the definition of """"mobility"""" and the tendency (in both policy circles and academic research) to conflate different forms of mobility and to equate these with notions of excellence or quality. Scientific mobility is shaped as much by """"push"""" factors (limited opportunity) as it is by the """"draw"""" of excellence. Scientists are exercising a degree of """"choice"""" within a specific and individualised framework of constraints. The following sections consider some of the """"professional"""" and """"personal"""" factors shaping scientific mobility and the influence that these have on the relationship between mobility, internationalisation and excellence. The paper concludes that mobility is not an outcome in its own right and must not be treated as such (as an implicit indicator of internationalisation). To do so contributes to differential opportunity in scientific labour markets reducing both efficiency and equality."""""
0	"Adedokun, B., et al. (2014). Sharing perspectives and experiences of doctoral fellows in the first cohort of Consortium for Advanced Research Training in Africa: 2011-2014."" Global Health Action 7: 1-5."""	10	"Adedokun, B., et al. (2014). """"Sharing perspectives and experiences of doctoral fellows in the first cohort of Consortium for Advanced Research Training in Africa: 2011-2014."""" Global Health Action 7: 1-5."""""	" Background: Resolution of public health problems in Africa remains a challenge because of insufficient skilled human resource capacity. The Consortium for Advanced Research Training in Africa (CARTA) was established to enhance capacity in multi-disciplinary health research that will make a positive impact on population health in Africa. Objective: The first cohort of the CARTA program describes their perspectives and experiences during the 4 years of fellowship and puts forward suggestions for future progress and direction of research in Africa. Conclusions: The model of training as shown by the CARTA program is an effective model of research capacity building in African academic institutions. An expansion of the program is therefore warranted to reach out to more African academics in search of advanced research training."""
1	"Adedokun, O. A. and W. D. Burgess (2011). Uncovering Students' Preconceptions of Undergraduate Research Experiences."" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 12(5): 11."""	12	"Adedokun, O. A. and W. D. Burgess (2011). """"Uncovering Students' Preconceptions of Undergraduate Research Experiences."""" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 12(5): 11."""""	" Like all learners, undergraduate research interns bring to their research internships a variety of initial ideas, opinions, expectations, beliefs and attitudes about research internships. However, there is little published research on students' preconceptions about research internships and the relationships of these preconceptions to actual experiences. There is also a dearth of information about potential influences of preconceptions on the learning process and gains that accrue to students involved in undergraduate research experiences (UREs). Using qualitative data from twenty five undergraduate research interns' reflective journals, the current study examines students' preconceptions of UREs and how those preconceptions compare with students' actual experiences. The analysis showed that prior to their research experiences, participants imagined research environments/laboratories as stern places devoid of social interactions. Interns also held preconceived traditional stereotypical views of their faculty mentors as scientists. Other preconceptions included the expectation of extensive one-on-one mentoring from faculty mentors and the preconception of research work as team rather than independent work. Further, the study found that students' preconceptions were mostly contradicted by their experiences in their research internships. The limitations of the study and the practical implications of the findings for devising meaningful and effective undergraduate research experiences are discussed. (Contains 1 table.)"""
1	"Adedokun, O. A., et al. (2013). Research skills and STEM undergraduate research students' aspirations for research careers: Mediating effects of research self‐efficacy."" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 50(8): 940-951."""	11	"Adedokun, O. A., et al. (2013). """"Research skills and STEM undergraduate research students' aspirations for research careers: Mediating effects of research self‐efficacy."""" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 50(8): 940-951."""""	" Positive student outcomes of undergraduate research experiences (UREs) have been well documented, however, many studies have neglected the logical relationship among outcomes, the processes through which they are achieved, and the contextual and participant factors at play in UREs. This study uses structural equation modeling to explore these issues in a URE program. The study tested a hypothesized model of the mediating effect of participant research self-efficacy on the relationship between their research skills and desire to persist in science. Results indicate that research skills and research self-efficacy predict student aspirations for research careers, and that the effects of research skills are partially mediated through self-efficacy beliefs. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Adedokun, O. A., et al. (2014). Effect of Time on Perceived Gains from an Undergraduate Research Program."" CBE - Life Sciences Education 13(1): 139-148."""	13	"Adedokun, O. A., et al. (2014). """"Effect of Time on Perceived Gains from an Undergraduate Research Program."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 13(1): 139-148."""""	" The current study examines the trajectories of student perceived gains as a result of time spent in an undergraduate research experience (URE). Data for the study come from a survey administered at three points over a 1-yr period: before participation in the program, at the end of a Summer segment of research, and at the end of the year. Repeated-measures analysis of variance was used to examine the effect of time on perceived gains in student research skills, research confidence, and understanding of research processes. The results suggest that the students experienced different gains/benefits at developmentally different stages of their UREs. Participants reported gains in fewer areas at the end of the Summer segment compared with the end of the yearlong experience, thus supporting the notion that longer UREs offer students more benefit."""
0	"Adelberger, A., et al. (2011). Estimating nurse migration from the Bahamas between 1994 and 2005: An exploratory descriptive study using a social network identification methodology."" Global Public Health: An International Journal for Research, Policy and Practice 6(7): 732-745."""	14	"Adelberger, A., et al. (2011). """"Estimating nurse migration from the Bahamas between 1994 and 2005: An exploratory descriptive study using a social network identification methodology."""" Global Public Health: An International Journal for Research, Policy and Practice 6(7): 732-745."""""	" The purpose of this study was to collect primary data on the migration patterns of Bahamian nurses who had registered as nurses during the period 1994-2005. We used an established social network identification method developed by Delanyo Dovlo to determine whether (and to where) Bahamian nurses had migrated. We reviewed nursing registrants’ records from the Nursing Council of the Commonwealth of the Bahamas. We telephoned two nurses per cohort of registration and graduation year, asking the interviewee to identify the current location of colleagues registered in their same cohort. Between 1994 and 2005, a total of 18 out of 282 nurses were either confirmed or probably migrated (6%). Ninety-six per cent of those nurses registered during the study time frame were located during the exercise, partially because of an improvement on the Dovlo method—calling a nurse leader who could locate nursing classmates and colleagues beyond his or her own year of graduation. Nurse migration in the Bahamas appears lower than in surrounding countries, posing a research opportunity to investigate the causes for this positive deviation. Future studies employing this method should include interviews of nurse leaders who can confirm the location of a much wider range of people than can the average participant. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Adler, I., et al. (2016). The Effect of Explicit Environmentally Oriented Metacognitive Guidance and Peer Collaboration on Students' Expressions of Environmental Literacy."" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 53(4): 620-663."""	15	"Adler, I., et al. (2016). """"The Effect of Explicit Environmentally Oriented Metacognitive Guidance and Peer Collaboration on Students' Expressions of Environmental Literacy."""" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 53(4): 620-663."""""	" The prevalence of habitat and life-threatening environmental problems has motivated environmental researchers to develop education programs to strengthen students' environmental literacy. We argue that the connection between environmental literacy and metacognition is theoretically promising. Therefore, we developed the ""Meta-CIC"""" model, which is designed to develop students' environmental literacy, in parallel to supporting their metacognition. The core of this model is open inquiry-based learning. An explicit environmentally focused metacognitive guidance (""""Meta"""") was embedded within the inquiry setting. This guidance referred to the components of metacognition and the strands of environmental literacy. The model includes two levels of collaboration: the """"Collaborating Inquiry"""" (CI), which refers to the interactions between a pair of students working on an inquiry project"" "" and the """"Collaborating Inquiry Community"""" (CIC), which refers to the interactions among pairs of students working on different projects. We investigated the contribution of the """"Meta""""-CIC model to students' expression of environmental literacy. For this purpose, 250 seventh and eight grade students, who conducted open inquiry projects throughout a full school year, participated in this research. We examined students' environmental literacy using two tools: an environmental literacy questionnaire, which adopts a positivist, outcome-based approach"" "" and an innovative Environmental Literacy INventory (ELIN), which adopts a phenomenological process-based approach. The environmental literacy questionnaire served as pre- and post-test measurements. The ELIN was used to analyze students' reflections, following their involvement in the inquiry process. The results of this study provide supporting evidence for the theoretical relationship between metacognition and environmental literacy, and demonstrate the different effects of the """"Meta"""" and the """"CIC"""" components on students' expressions of environmental literacy. The results also point to the importance of providing explicit and context-based metacognitive support. This study highlights the importance of developing students' high order thinking and implementing the """"Meta-CIC"""" model, within the framework of environmental education."""""
1	"Adorno, D. P. and N. Pizzolato (2015). An inquiry-based approach to the Franck-Hertz experiment."" Nuovo Cimento C-Colloquia and Communications in Physics 38(3)."""	16	"Adorno, D. P. and N. Pizzolato (2015). """"An inquiry-based approach to the Franck-Hertz experiment."""" Nuovo Cimento C-Colloquia and Communications in Physics 38(3)."""""	" The practice of scientists and engineers is today exerted within interdisciplinary contexts, placed at the intersections of different research fields, including nanoscale science. The development of the required competences is based on an effective science and engineering instruction, which should be able to drive the students towards a deeper understanding of quantum mechanics fundamental concepts and, at the same time, strengthen their reasoning skills and transversal abilities. In this study we report the results of an inquiry-driven learning path experienced by a sample of 12 electronic engineering undergraduates engaged to perform the Franck-Hertz experiment. Before being involved in this experimental activity, the students received a traditional lecture-based instruction on the fundamental concepts of quantum mechanics, but their answers to an open-ended questionnaire, administered at the beginning of the inquiry activity, demonstrated that the acquired knowledge was characterized by a strictly theoretical vision of quantum science, basically in terms of an artificial mathematical framework having very poor connections with the real world. The Franck Hertz experiment was introduced to the students by starting from the problem of finding an experimental confirmation of the Bohr's postulates asserting that atoms can absorb energy only in quantum portions. The whole activity has been videotaped and this allowed us to deeply analyse the student perception's change about the main concepts of quantum mechanics. We have found that the active participation to this learning experience favored the building of cognitive links among student theoretical perceptions of quantum mechanics and their vision of quantum phenomena, within an everyday context of knowledge. Furthermore, our findings confirm the benefits of integrating traditional lecture-based instruction on quantum mechanics with learning experiences driven by inquiry-based teaching strategies."""
0	"Agbayahoun, J. P. (2016). Teacher Professional Development: EFL Teachers' Experiences in the Republic of Benin."" International Journal of English Linguistics 6(4): 144-152."""	17	"Agbayahoun, J. P. (2016). """"Teacher Professional Development: EFL Teachers' Experiences in the Republic of Benin."""" International Journal of English Linguistics 6(4): 144-152."""""	" Using a survey, this study examines EFL teachers' views on professional development, the models of teacher development they are familiar with, and their experiences in the area. The study also inquires into the teachers' knowledge and opinions about inquiry-based teaching. The results indicate that though the EFL teachers often have the opportunity to participate in teacher development activities, these activities do not enable them to develop the skill of reflection and action on practice as they are patterned on top-down models of teacher development and happen in a one-shot workshop-style. Other teacher development activities such as action-research, reading research findings in the field, peer observation, mentoring, or teacher networking are unfamiliar to them. While the participant EFL teachers acknowledged that the top-down teacher development activities give them exposure to informative input, they also reported that such activities, paradoxically, have little impact on their teaching and students' learning. Most of them acknowledged having very little knowledge of teacher development activities that involve self-intiative and autonomy, and they expressed interest in learning about and trying action-research in their classrooms."""
0	"Ahmad, S., et al. (2013). Status of Anesthesiology Resident Research Education in the United States: Structured Education Programs Increase Resident Research Productivity."" Anesthesia and Analgesia 116(1): 205-210."""	18	"Ahmad, S., et al. (2013). """"Status of Anesthesiology Resident Research Education in the United States: Structured Education Programs Increase Resident Research Productivity."""" Anesthesia and Analgesia 116(1): 205-210."""""	" BACKGROUND: The enhancement of resident research education has been proposed to increase the number of academic anesthesiologists with the skills and knowledge to conduct meaningful research. Program directors (PDs) of the U.S. anesthesiology residency programs were surveyed to evaluate the status of research education during residency training and to test the hypothesis that structured programs result in greater resident research productivity based on resident publications. METHODS: Survey responses were solicited from 131 anesthesiology residency PDs. Seventy-four percent of PDs responded to the survey. Questions evaluated department demographic information, the extent of faculty research activity, research resources and research funding in the department, the characteristics of resident research education and resident research productivity, departmental support for resident research, and perceived barriers to resident research education. RESULTS: Thirty-two percent of programs had a structured resident research education program. Structured programs were more likely to be curriculum based, require resident participation in a research project, and provide specific training in presentation and writing skills. Productivity expectations were similar between structured and nonstructured programs. Forty percent of structured programs had > 20% of trainees with a publication in the last >= 2 years compared with 14% of departments with unstructured programs (difference, 26%  99% confidence interval [Cl], 8%-51%  P = 0.01). The percentage of programs that had research rotations for months was not different between the structured and the nonstructured programs. A research rotation of >2 months did not increase the percentage of residents who had published an article within the last 2 months compared with a research rotation of <2 months (difference, 13%  99% Cl, 10%-37%  P = 0.14). There was no difference in the percentage of faculty involved in research in structured compared with unstructured research education. In programs with <20% of faculty involved in research, 15% reported >20% of residents with a publication in the last 2 years compared with 36% in programs with >20% of faculty involvement (difference, 21%  99% Cl, -4% to 46%  P = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings suggest that structured residency research programs are associated with higher resident research productivity. The program duration and the fraction of faculty in resident research education did not significantly increase research productivity. Research training is an integral component of resident education, but the mandatory enhancement of resident research education will require a significant change in the culture of academic anesthesiology leadership and faculty. (Anesth Analg 2013 116:205-10)"""
0	"Ahmadi-Abhari, S., et al. (2008). Knowledge and attitudes of trainee physicians regarding evidence-based medicine: A questionnaire survey in Tehran, Iran."" Journal of Evaluation in Clinical Practice 14(5): 775-779."""	19	"Ahmadi-Abhari, S., et al. (2008). """"Knowledge and attitudes of trainee physicians regarding evidence-based medicine: A questionnaire survey in Tehran, Iran."""" Journal of Evaluation in Clinical Practice 14(5): 775-779."""""	" Rationale, aims and objectives: Knowledge in evidence-based medicine (EBM) is increasingly becoming a core competence in medical education. We evaluated the trainee doctors' attitudes and knowledge of EBM to obtain the basis required for developing appropriate teaching and learning opportunities. Methods: Trainee physicians at a Tehran University hospital were surveyed. The questionnaire included six questions evaluating knowledge of EBM, the number of correct answers yielding the knowledge score, and eight questions evaluating attitudes towards EBM. Participants were also asked to mark on a 10-cm Visual Analogue Scale their use of various information sources and tendency to participate in EBM training courses. Results: The response rate was 80% (104/130). The mean knowledge score was 3 ± 1.3 (SD) on a range of 0-6 for all respondents and was not significantly different between interns (2.9 ± 1.4) and postgraduates (3.3 ± 1.0). Forty one per cent of interns and 66% of postgraduates had a positive attitude towards EBM  the remaining respondents were neutral. Textbooks and consulting experts were the most, and Cochrane Library was the least, used sources of information among both interns and postgraduates. The knowledge score was not associated with attitude, but was higher in those with previous research experience, prior EBM training, or the postgraduates that read more articles. The postgraduates and those with prior EBM training showed a significantly more positive attitude towards EBM. Conclusion: The present study demonstrates that the majority of trainee physicians at a Tehran University hospital lack adequate knowledge about basic concepts of EBM. Furthermore, most of them continue to use traditional sources of knowledge rather than evidence-based sources. On the positive side, there was an overall positive attitude towards EBM and the majority had a positive tendency to take part in EBM training courses. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Ahmed, S. and D. Parsons (2013). Abductive Science Inquiry Using Mobile Devices in the Classroom."" Computers & Education 63: 62-72."""	20	"Ahmed, S. and D. Parsons (2013). """"Abductive Science Inquiry Using Mobile Devices in the Classroom."""" Computers & Education 63: 62-72."""""	" Recent advancements in digital technology have attracted the interest of educators and researchers to develop technology-assisted inquiry-based learning environments in the domain of school science education. Traditionally, school science education has followed deductive and inductive forms of inquiry investigation, while the abductive form of inquiry has previously been sparsely explored in the literature related to computers and education. We have therefore designed a mobile learning application ""ThinknLearn"""", which assists high school students in generating hypotheses during abductive inquiry investigations. The M3 evaluation framework was used to investigate the effectiveness of using """"ThinknLearn"""" to facilitate student learning. The results indicated in this paper showed improvements in the experimental group's learning performance as compared to a control group in pre-post tests. In addition, the experimental group also maintained this advantage during retention tests as well as developing positive attitudes toward mobile learning. (Contains 7 figures and 6 tables.)"""""
0	"Ahn, B. (2016). Applying the Cognitive Apprenticeship Theory to Examine Graduate and Postdoctoral Researchers' Mentoring Practices in Undergraduate Research Settings."" International Journal of Engineering Education 32(4): 1691-1703."""	21	"Ahn, B. (2016). """"Applying the Cognitive Apprenticeship Theory to Examine Graduate and Postdoctoral Researchers' Mentoring Practices in Undergraduate Research Settings."""" International Journal of Engineering Education 32(4): 1691-1703."""""	" Graduate and postdoctoral researchers regularly mentor undergraduate research (UR) students, yet the literature examining the mentoring practices of these researchers in UR settings is scarce. This study explored the mentoring practices of 17 experienced and highly valued graduate and postdoctoral researchers by conducting semi-structured interviews and analyzing the responses using cognitive apprenticeship (CA) theory. The mentoring practices used during different UR periods (i.e., teaching a literature review process, teaching technical content, training in lab skills or experimental techniques, assisting with data analysis, assisting in creating presentation slides or a poster, and assisting in writing a final report) were identified and classified according to CA principles. The study findings can assist graduate and postdoctoral researchers who are mentoring UR students and can contribute to the development of training programs on mentoring UR students."""
0	"Ahn, B. and M. F. Cox (2016). Knowledge, Skills, and Attributes of Graduate Student and Postdoctoral Mentors in Undergraduate Research Settings."" Journal of Engineering Education 105(4): 605-629."""	22	"Ahn, B. and M. F. Cox (2016). """"Knowledge, Skills, and Attributes of Graduate Student and Postdoctoral Mentors in Undergraduate Research Settings."""" Journal of Engineering Education 105(4): 605-629."""""	" Background Many undergraduate research (UR) students are mentored by graduate students or postdoctoral researchers, yet few studies have examined the mentoring knowledge, skills, and attributes (KSAs) of mentors in UR settings or assessed their beliefs about their mentoring KSAs. Purpose The purpose of this study was to identify important mentoring KSAs for graduate students and postdoctoral researchers who serve as mentors in engineering and science UR settings and to use these KSAs to develop a survey that mentors can use to assess their beliefs about their mentoring KSAs. Design/Method In Phase I of the study, semistructured interviews were conducted with one postdoctoral researcher and 16 graduate students who were recognized by their students as outstanding mentors. In Phase II, survey items were created from the results of Phase I for assessing the beliefs of graduate students and postdoctoral researchers about their mentoring KSAs. Results The study identified important mentoring KSAs and produced a 30-item survey that assesses the beliefs of mentors about their mentoring KSAs  the items are grouped into four factors: building a positive working relationship, recognizing individual student needs and personalizing the mentoring approach, monitoring students' daily tasks, and building a personal relationship with students. Conclusions The study findings can help graduate students and postdoctoral researchers to become better mentors in UR settings by identifying important mentoring KSAs and by enabling them to assess their beliefs about their mentoring KSAs."""
0	"Ahn, J., et al. (2010). The Future of the Orthopaedic Clinician-Scientist."" Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery-American Volume 92A(4): 1041-1046."""	23	"Ahn, J., et al. (2010). """"The Future of the Orthopaedic Clinician-Scientist."""" Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery-American Volume 92A(4): 1041-1046."""""	" Background: The successful incorporation of research into the future careers of residents provides tremendous potential for increasing scientific orthopaedic inquiry and improving musculoskeletal care. Therefore, we sought to assess resident opinions regarding plans and incentives for future research and the opinions of academic chairs who must support them. Methods: Residents from sixteen departments were surveyed with a twenty-four-question online survey. Similar surveys were sent to chairs of all residency-sponsoring departments. Results: The response rate was 44% (183) for the residents and 60% (eighty-six) for the chairs. Forty-two percent of the residents felt certain or likely that they would perform research during their careers, and 28% were undecided. Ninety-nine percent thought that orthopaedic surgeons performing research is important to clinical orthopaedics. Ninety-three percent of the residents expressed the need for monetary incentives for research, but only 40% would help to provide it. Chairs similarly noted the importance of research subsidization (92%) and a willingness to support it (70%). Residents indicated that increased funding and protected time would provide the greatest incentives for research during residency  chairs agreed. After training, debt relief and salary support were most important for residents  chairs chose protected time and a chair who is supportive of research as most important. Primary authorship on a prior manuscript and past research experience were found to be associated with greater future research interest in univariate analyses  primary authorship maintained an independent association in multivariate analysis. Younger residents and women were more likely to be unsure of their research interest. Conclusions: Many orthopaedic residents in training have interest in integrating research into their future practice and support the research mission of orthopaedic surgeons. Our results may aid in identifying residents with high research interest (and those unsure) and help to guide the provision of incentives to actuate those interests. Clinical Relevance: Increasing the future research potential of residents will help to spur scientific investigation, which serves as the foundation for evidence-based clinical orthopaedic care."""
0	"Aina, S. A. and A. O. Sofowora (2013). Perceived Benefits and Attitudes of Student Teachers to Web-Quest as a Motivating, Creative and Inquiry-Based Learning Tool in Education."" Higher Education Studies 3(5): 29-35."""	24	"Aina, S. A. and A. O. Sofowora (2013). """"Perceived Benefits and Attitudes of Student Teachers to Web-Quest as a Motivating, Creative and Inquiry-Based Learning Tool in Education."""" Higher Education Studies 3(5): 29-35."""""	" This study discussed how the Department of Teacher Education, University of Ibadan utilized Web-Quest as a motivating and creative tool to teach a compulsory and large pre-service teachers' Course (TEE 304) The study also investigated the attitude and perception of pre-service teachers to the use of Web-Quest. The results showed that the sample perceived Web-Quest as a useful creative, motivating pedagogical tool for learning. Student teachers perceived Web-Quest as interesting and highly beneficial to their learning. Gender was also a factor in the utilization of Web-Quest. Furthermore, students' age and gender had positive influence on their attitude to Web-Quest. The student teachers saw Web-Quest as an Inquiry-based pedagogical tool and learning strategy that enhanced team spirit, high level thinking, collaboration and that it saved costs and time."""
0	"Airhihenbuwa, C. O., et al. (2011). Research capacity building: a US-South African partnership."" Global Health Promotion 18(2): 27-35."""	25	"Airhihenbuwa, C. O., et al. (2011). """"Research capacity building: a US-South African partnership."""" Global Health Promotion 18(2): 27-35."""""	" Research capacity building engenders assets that allow communities (and, in this case, student fellows) to respond adequately to health issues and problems that are contextual, cultural and historical in nature. In this paper, we present a US-South African partnership that led to research training for 30 postgraduate students at two South African universities. We begin by exploring the nature of research capacity building in a partnership research project designed to promote HIV and AIDS-related stigma reduction. We examine methodological issues and their relevance to training of postgraduate students in South Africa. We conclude with recommendations for a successful model of partnership for building capacity of health researchers in Africa with the goal of developing research that informs policies and helps to bridge the health inequity gap globally. (Global Health Promotion, 2011  18(2): 27-35)"""
0	"Akiba, M. and G. D. Liang (2016). Effects of teacher professional learning activities on student achievement growth."" Journal of Educational Research 109(1): 99-110."""	27	"Akiba, M. and G. D. Liang (2016). """"Effects of teacher professional learning activities on student achievement growth."""" Journal of Educational Research 109(1): 99-110."""""	" The authors examined the effects of six types of teacher professional learning activities on student achievement growth over 4 years using statewide longitudinal survey data collected from 467 middle school mathematics teachers in 91 schools merged with 11,192 middle school students' mathematics scores in a standardized assessment in Missouri. The data showed that teacher-centered collaborative activities to learn about mathematics teaching and learning (teacher collaboration and informal communication) seem to be more effective in improving student mathematics achievement than learning activities that do not necessarily involve such teacher-centered collaborative opportunities (professional development programs, university courses, individual learning activities). Teacher-driven research activities through professional conference presentation and participation were also found to be associated with student achievement growth in mathematics. The districts and schools may benefit from investing their professional development funds and resources in facilitating teacher-centered collaborative and research-based learning activities in order to improve student learning."""
1	"Akman, M., et al. (2010). A Three-Year Mandatory Student Research Program in an Undergraduate Medical Curriculum in Turkey."" Kuwait Medical Journal 42(3): 205-210."""	28	"Akman, M., et al. (2010). """"A Three-Year Mandatory Student Research Program in an Undergraduate Medical Curriculum in Turkey."""" Kuwait Medical Journal 42(3): 205-210."""""	" Objective: To evaluate the seven-year experience of the mandatory undergraduate student research program of Marmara University School of Medicine, Turkey Design: Retrospective Setting: Marmara University School of Medicine, Turkey Subjects: Undergraduate students (from Year I, II and III  n = 289), mentors (n = 54) and graduates (n = 30) were enrolled They were all involved in a longitudinal, mandatory and interdisciplinary research program. Students conducted a project under the supervision of a mentor in small groups and every year they improved their research skills step-by-step around specific themes Each year the program ended with the Marmara Student Congress (MaSCo), at which all projects were presented Interventions: Student feedback evaluation, pre-prepared questionnaire filled by mentors and telephonic interview of randomly selected graduates Main Outcome Measures: Number of projects presented in medical congresses, published in medical journals and feedback from students, mentors and graduates Results: Between the years 2002 - 2007, students presented 467 research projects in MaSCo. Out of a total of 205, 2(nd) and 3(rd) year projects, 10 were published in international journals (4 87%) and nine (4 39%) in Turkish journals, 51(24.8%) were presented in national and 22 (10.1%) were presented in international congresses. Chi square trend analysis showed that students' satisfaction in all Items of research activity Increased from first to the third year. Sixty-three percent of graduates found undergraduate research activity beneficial. Conclusions: Research programs should be one of the components of undergraduate medical education. We recommend that such programs be mandatory to develop research skills step-by-step"""
1	"Aksela, M. (2010). Evidence-Based Teacher Education: Becoming a Lifelong Research-Oriented Chemistry Teacher?"" Chemistry Education Research and Practice 11(2): 84-91."""	29	"Aksela, M. (2010). """"Evidence-Based Teacher Education: Becoming a Lifelong Research-Oriented Chemistry Teacher?"""" Chemistry Education Research and Practice 11(2): 84-91."""""	" A novel professional development curriculum model has been implemented for a chemistry teacher education programme. The aim of this five-year programme is to educate future chemistry teachers as lifelong learners and researchers, capable of following developments in both chemistry and its teaching, implementing up-to-date research findings in their work as teachers and engaging in research on chemistry teaching. All eight courses for chemical education on the programme are developed with regard to research findings on course instruction. As an example of the design of an evidence-based course, a case study is presented on the M.Sc. course ""Central Areas of Chemical Education I"""" which conveys students' views of the characteristics of a teacher as researcher. Based on nine years of experience and some studies of students' views, it can be concluded that this type of evidence-based teacher education emphasising inquiry-based learning can help future teachers to become lifelong research-oriented teachers. (Contains 5 figures.)"""""
0	"Akyuz, D. (2016). MATHEMATICAL PRACTICES IN A TECHNOLOGICAL SETTING: A DESIGN RESEARCH EXPERIMENT FOR TEACHING CIRCLE PROPERTIES."" International Journal of Science and Mathematics Education 14(3): 549-573."""	30	"Akyuz, D. (2016). """"MATHEMATICAL PRACTICES IN A TECHNOLOGICAL SETTING: A DESIGN RESEARCH EXPERIMENT FOR TEACHING CIRCLE PROPERTIES."""" International Journal of Science and Mathematics Education 14(3): 549-573."""""	" This article documents the classroom mathematical practices observed in a collegiate level teacher education course related to the circle topic. The course, which was prepared as design research, utilized a dynamic geometry environment which influenced the type and nature of the evolved mathematical practices. The study uses emergent perspective as the theoretical framework and Toulmin's model of argumentation to analyze social interactions within the classroom. Findings reveal three sequentially emergent mathematical practices that are in increasing order of complexity. The significance of this analysis stems from the fact that it contributes to an emerging body of knowledge on inquiry-based and technology-supported teaching in social contexts for which more research is needed."""
1	"Al Musawi, A., et al. (2012). A Case of Web-Based Inquiry Learning Model Using Learning Objects."" Turkish Online Journal of Educational Technology - TOJET 11(1): 1-9."""	31	"Al Musawi, A., et al. (2012). """"A Case of Web-Based Inquiry Learning Model Using Learning Objects."""" Turkish Online Journal of Educational Technology - TOJET 11(1): 1-9."""""	" This research seeks to (1) implement a model for an inquiry based learning environment using learning objects (LOs), and (2) apply the model to examine its impact on students' learning. This research showed that a well-designed learning environment can enhance students learning experiences. The proposed model was applied to an undergraduate course offered by the Faculty of Education, Sultan Qaboos University, in 2009. Results indicate that the implementation of the web-based inquiry-learning model was successful and adequate to the learning setting. This model of learning helped most students to manage the tools and techniques used during the course  freedom on the construction of presentations allowed students to explore creatively the subject domain  independent learning together with presentations contributed to preserve the uniqueness and value of each student's production. Finally, the open educational resources used as support were of fundamental importance."""
0	"Alabran, J. L., et al. (2013). Overcoming autopsy barriers in pediatric cancer research."" Pediatric Blood & Cancer 60(2): 204-209."""	32	"Alabran, J. L., et al. (2013). """"Overcoming autopsy barriers in pediatric cancer research."""" Pediatric Blood & Cancer 60(2): 204-209."""""	" Background More than 13,000 children annually in the United States and Canada under the age of 20 will be diagnosed with cancer at a mortality approaching 20% 1,2. Tumor samples obtained by autopsy provide an innovative way to study tumor progression, potentially aiding in the discovery of new treatments and increased survival rates. The purpose of this study was to identify barriers to autopsies and develop guidelines for requesting autopsies for research purposes. Procedure Families of children treated for childhood cancer were referred by patient advocacy groups and surveyed about attitudes and experiences with research autopsies. From 60 interviews, barriers to autopsy and tumor banking were identified. An additional 14 interviews were conducted with medical and scientific experts. Results Ninety-three percent of parents of deceased children did or would have consented to a research autopsy if presented with the option  however, only half of these families were given the opportunity to donate autopsy tissue for research. The most significant barriers were the physicians' reluctance to ask a grieving family and lack of awareness about research opportunities. Conclusions The value of donating tumor samples to research via an autopsy should be promoted to all groups managing pediatric cancer patients. Not only does autopsy tumor banking offer a potentially important medical and scientific impact, but the opportunity to contribute this Legacy Gift of autopsy tumor tissue also creates a positive outlet for the grieving family. Taking these findings into account, our multidisciplinary team has developed a curriculum addressing key barriers. Pediatr Blood Cancer 2013 60:204209. (c) 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc."""
1	"Alaie, A., et al. (2012). A Bioinformatics Module for Use in an Introductory Biology Laboratory."" American Biology Teacher 74(5): 318-322."""	33	"Alaie, A., et al. (2012). """"A Bioinformatics Module for Use in an Introductory Biology Laboratory."""" American Biology Teacher 74(5): 318-322."""""	" Since biomedical science has become increasingly data-intensive, acquisition of computational and quantitative skills by science students has become more important. For non-science students, an introduction to biomedical databases and their applications promotes the development of a scientifically literate population. Because typical college introductory biology laboratories do not include experiences of this type, we present a bioinformatics module that can easily be included in a 90-minute session of a biology course for both majors and non-majors. Students completing this computational, inquiry-based module observed the value of computer-assisted analysis. The module gave students an understanding of how to read files in a biological database (GenBank) and how to use a software tool (BLAST) to mine the database."""
1	"Alamodi, A. A., et al. (2014). Undergraduate research: An innovative student-centered committee from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia."" Medical Teacher 36: S36-S42."""	34	"Alamodi, A. A., et al. (2014). """"Undergraduate research: An innovative student-centered committee from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia."""" Medical Teacher 36: S36-S42."""""	" Introduction: Concern has been expressed in recent times whether medical schools have adapted sufficiently to cater for the increasing demand of physician-scientists. Studies have shown that research involvement at the undergraduate level is vital to accommodate this growing need. Enhanced communication skills, improved problem-solving abilities and better future employment opportunities are among the other many benefits of undergraduate research (UR). Herein, we report projects run by a unique student driven undergraduate research committee (URC) at Alfaisal University, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia aimed at providing the future generation of physicians training opportunities for pursuing a research intensive career. Methods: The article describes the unique structure of the URC and provides an in-depth description of the various programs and activities used in promoting students' research activities. We analyzed students' perception of URC activities via a questionnaire and analyzed research-output of the first graduating batches through their publication record. Results: Overall, more than 60% of the graduating students were involved in the various research programs offered by the URC and around 50% published in peer-reviewed journals with an average impact factor of 2.4. Conclusions: Research involvement by medical students is an essential need of the twenty-first century and models like URC could provide crucial platform for research training to the new generation of physician-scientists."""
1	"Albarracin, A. L., et al. (2009). Laboratory Experience for Teaching Sensory Physiology."" Advances in Physiology Education 33(2): 115-120."""	35	"Albarracin, A. L., et al. (2009). """"Laboratory Experience for Teaching Sensory Physiology."""" Advances in Physiology Education 33(2): 115-120."""""	" The major challenge in laboratory teaching is the application of abstract concepts in simple and direct practical lessons. However, students rarely have the opportunity to participate in a laboratory that combines practical learning with a realistic research experience. In the Bioengineering Department, we started an experiential laboratory physiology to teach graduated students some aspects of sensorial physiology and exposes them to laboratory skills in instrumentation and physiological measurements. Students were able to analyze and quantify the effects of activation of mechanoreceptors in multifiber afferent discharges using equipment that was not overly sophisticated. In consequence, this practical laboratory helps students to make connections with physiological concepts acquired in theoretical classes and to introduce them to electrophysiological research. (Contains 5 figures.)"""
0	"Albrecht, S. L. (2015). Challenge demands, hindrance demands, and psychological need satisfaction: Their influence on employee engagement and emotional exhaustion."" Journal of Personnel Psychology 14(2): 70-79."""	36	"Albrecht, S. L. (2015). """"Challenge demands, hindrance demands, and psychological need satisfaction: Their influence on employee engagement and emotional exhaustion."""" Journal of Personnel Psychology 14(2): 70-79."""""	" The job demands-resources (JD-R) model provides a well-validated account of how job resources and job demands influence work engagement, burnout, and their constituent dimensions. The present study aimed to extend previous research by including challenge demands not widely examined in the context of the JD-R. Furthermore, and extending self-determination theory, the research also aimed to investigate the potential mediating effects that employees’ need satisfaction as regards their need for autonomy, need for belongingness, need for competence, and need for achievement, as components of a higher order needs construct, may have on the relationships between job demands and engagement. Structural equations modeling across two independent samples generally supported the proposed relationships. Further research opportunities, practical implications, and study limitations are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Albright, K., et al. (2012). An Inquiry-Based Approach to Teaching Research Methods in Information Studies."" Education for Information 29(1): 19-38."""	37	"Albright, K., et al. (2012). """"An Inquiry-Based Approach to Teaching Research Methods in Information Studies."""" Education for Information 29(1): 19-38."""""	" This paper presents the results of a project that aimed at restructuring the delivery of research methods training at the Information School at the University of Sheffield, UK, based on an Inquiry-Based Learning (IBL) approach. The purpose of this research was to implement inquiry-based learning that would allow customization of research methods when applied to individual and small group learning and address the challenges of teaching in a large, diverse classroom. Discussion triads, inquiry-based seminars, and a poster session were integrated with traditional teaching methods to facilitate the development of student dissertation proposals as the module outcome. This paper presents the context and rationale for the project, the nature of inquiry-based learning, the context and changes introduced in the course module, teaching techniques and the evaluation of the project and outlines the lessons learned through the project. These include: the need to address a perceived disjunction between self-directed inquiry based activities and the classical mode of lecture delivery, requiring reviewing student experiences from an information consumption frame to a knowledge discovery frame "" this, in turn, requires the development of evaluation frames that are devolved to students and differ from """"customer feedback"""" approaches that tend to be adopted in centrally devised questionnaires at many Universities."""""
0	"Alexandrou, E., et al. (2010). A review of the nursing role in central venous cannulation: Implications for practice policy and research."" Journal of Clinical Nursing 19(11-12): 1485-1494."""	38	"Alexandrou, E., et al. (2010). """"A review of the nursing role in central venous cannulation: Implications for practice policy and research."""" Journal of Clinical Nursing 19(11-12): 1485-1494."""""	" Aims and objectives: The aim of this article is to review published studies about central vein cannulation to identify implications for policy, practice and research in an advanced practice nursing role. Design: Modified integrative literature review. Methods: Searches of the electronic databases: Cumulative Index of Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL)  Medline, Embase, and the World Wide Web were undertaken using MeSH key words. Hand searching for relevant articles was also undertaken. All studies relating to the nurses role inserting central venous cannulae in adult populations met the search criteria and were reviewed by three authors using a critical appraisal tool. Results: Ten studies met the inclusion criteria for the review, all reported data were from the UK. There were disparate models of service delivery and study populations and the studies were predominantly non experimental in design. The results of this review need to be considered within the methodological caveats associated with this approach. The studies identified did not demonstrate differences in rates of adverse events between a specialist nurse and a medical officer. Conclusions: There were only a small number of studies found in the literature review and the limited availability of clinical outcome data precluded formal analysis from being generated. Relevance to clinical practice: Central vein cannulation is potentially an emerging practice area with important considerations for policy practice and research. Training specialist nurses to provide such a service may facilitate standardising of practice and improving surveillance of lines, and possibly improve the training and accreditation process for CVC insertions for junior medical officers. For this to occur, there is a need to undertake well-conducted clinical studies to clearly document the value and efficacy of this advanced practice nursing role. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Ali, A. and N. El-Sheimy (2013). Low-Cost MEMS-Based Pedestrian Navigation Technique for GPS-Denied Areas."" Journal of Sensors."""	39	"Ali, A. and N. El-Sheimy (2013). """"Low-Cost MEMS-Based Pedestrian Navigation Technique for GPS-Denied Areas."""" Journal of Sensors."""""	" The progress in the micro electro mechanical system (MEMS) sensors technology in size, cost, weight, and power consumption allows for new research opportunities in the navigation field. Today, most of smartphones, tablets, and other handheld devices are fully packed with the required sensors for any navigation system such as GPS, gyroscope, accelerometer, magnetometer, and pressure sensors. For seamless navigation, the sensors' signal quality and the sensors availability are major challenges. Heading estimation is a fundamental challenge in the GPS-denied environments  therefore, targeting accurate attitude estimation is considered significant contribution to the overall navigation error. For that end, this research targets an improved pedestrian navigation by developing sensors fusion technique to exploit the gyroscope, magnetometer, and accelerometer data for device attitude estimation in the different environments based on quaternion mechanization. Results indicate that the improvement in the traveled distance and the heading estimations is capable of reducing the overall position error to be less than 15 m in the harsh environments."""
1	Alkaher, I. and E. L. Dolan (2014). INTEGRATING RESEARCH INTO UNDERGRADUATE COURSES Current Practices and Future Directions.	40	Alkaher, I. and E. L. Dolan (2014). INTEGRATING RESEARCH INTO UNDERGRADUATE COURSES Current Practices and Future Directions.	" Course-based undergraduate research experiences, or CUREs, are increasingly common because they engage undergraduates in research at schools that are lacking a research infrastructure or that cannot accommodate large undergraduate populations in internship-style research. Course-based undergraduate research experiences are lauded for their scientific and instructional authenticity as they present cognitive demands that learners would encounter in the real world and engage students in scientific practices that encourage them to view themselves as scientists and position themselves as contributors to the scientific body of knowledge. In addition, CUREs may influence students' academic and career paths more than internship-style research experiences, which typically serve to confirm students' prior academic or career choices. Here, efforts to integrate science research experiences into undergraduate courses are reviewed. Theory informing the design and implementation of CUREs is described  CURE models, mechanisms, and impacts are summarized  and an evaluation of research on CUREs is offered, including the quality of the measures and shortcomings or gaps. Results are described from our own qualitative, interpretive study of how CUREs can be tools for undergraduate self-authorship, specifically: (1) ways in which undergraduates views about the source of scientific knowledge change as they participate in course-based research, (2) ways in which undergraduates scientific identities change as they participate in course-based research, and (3) ways in which undergraduates views about their relationship with science change as they participate in course- based research. The profiles of six undergraduates who represent the range of developmental transformation toward self-authorship are described. The chapter concludes with recommendations for further study and practice of CUREs."""
0	"Allan, C. (2011). Exploring the experience of ten Australian Honours students."" Higher Education Research & Development 30(4): 421-433."""	41	"Allan, C. (2011). """"Exploring the experience of ten Australian Honours students."""" Higher Education Research & Development 30(4): 421-433."""""	" Honours study is viewed as a transition from undergraduate to postgraduate study and/or to enhanced career prospects. In Australia, Honours is usually an adjunct to the standard undergraduate degree. This paper provides an ethnographic study of 10 Australian Honours students. Seeing their experience through their reflections, in their own voices, reveals that Honours may be more than transitional—these students were transformed personally. Such emotionally charged transformations require academics to reflect on the best forms of support for Honours students. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Allen, C. (2008). Gentrification 'research' and the academic nobility: A different class?"" International Journal of Urban and Regional Research 32(1): 180-185."""	42	"Allen, C. (2008). """"Gentrification 'research' and the academic nobility: A different class?"""" International Journal of Urban and Regional Research 32(1): 180-185."""""	" This essay is a response to Tom Slater's article 'The eviction of critical perspectives from gentrification research'. My essay addresses two issues. First, I consider the issue of why gentrification research appears to be losing its critical edge. I argue that social position infects understanding and, inevitably therefore, academic knowledge production. Thus the social proximity of the academic nobility to gentrifiers (and social distance between the academic nobility and the displaced) has epistemological consequences, notably, the lack of critical perspectives in gentrification research. Second, Slater's paper appears to be an appeal for more 'critical' research from the academic nobility. Perhaps we should go even further. We should actually question the epistemic authority of the academic nobility, which claims its legitimacy to speak about gentrification on the grounds that it undertakes 'research' into the phenomenon. There are strong and sound epistemological reasons for also listening to the marginalized voices of people that have 'first hand' (albeit not 'research') experience of the negative effects of gentrification."""
0	"Allen, G. (2011). The Proper Status and Functions of Librarians in Academic Institutions."" Australian Library Journal 60(4): 307-314."""	43	"Allen, G. (2011). """"The Proper Status and Functions of Librarians in Academic Institutions."""" Australian Library Journal 60(4): 307-314."""""	" The meanings of professional and academic as qualifiers of librarians are discussed and it is concluded that there is little difference in the expectations they engender. It is then argued that if librarians in academic institutions are to be accorded a status comparable with that of faculty, they must be prepared to be assessed by the comparable and traditional means, namely qualifications, research and publications. To make the attainment of true faculty status possible, it is then necessary for the ""professional"""" librarian at all levels to have opportunities to perform to these standards. This will require positive support from chief and other senior librarians and a significant change in attitudes to those prevailing in most Australian academic libraries."""""
0	"Allen, P. J., et al. (2016). Difficult Decisions: A Qualitative Exploration of the Statistical Decision Making Process from the Perspectives of Psychology Students and Academics."" Frontiers in Psychology 7."""	44	"Allen, P. J., et al. (2016). """"Difficult Decisions: A Qualitative Exploration of the Statistical Decision Making Process from the Perspectives of Psychology Students and Academics."""" Frontiers in Psychology 7."""""	" Quantitative research methods are essential to the development of professional competence in psychology. They are also an area of weakness for many students. In particular, students are known to struggle with the skill of selecting quantitative analytical strategies appropriate for common research questions, hypotheses and data types. To begin understanding this apparent deficit, we presented nine psychology undergraduates (who had all completed at least one quantitative methods course) with brief research vignettes, and asked them to explicate the process they would follow to identify an appropriate statistical technique for each. Thematic analysis revealed that all participants found this task challenging, and even those who had completed several research methods courses struggled to articulate how they would approach the vignettes on more than a very superficial and intuitive level. While some students recognized that there is a systematic decision making process that can be followed, none could describe it clearly or completely. We then presented the same vignettes to 10 psychology academics with particular expertise in conducting research and/or research methods instruction. Predictably, these ""experts"""" were able to describe a far more systematic, comprehensive, flexible, and nuanced approach to statistical decision making, which begins early in the research process, and pays consideration to multiple contextual factors. They were sensitive to the challenges that students experience when making statistical decisions, which they attributed partially to how research methods and statistics are commonly taught. This sensitivity was reflected in their pedagogic practices. When asked to consider the format and features of an aid that could facilitate the statistical decision making process, both groups expressed a preference for an accessible, comprehensive and reputable resource that follows a basic decision tree logic. For the academics in particular, this aid should function as a teaching tool, which engages the user with each choice-point in the decision making process, rather than simply providing an """"answer."""" Based on these findings, we offer suggestions for tools and strategies that could be deployed in the research methods classroom to facilitate and strengthen students' statistical decision making abilities."""""
0	"Allen, P. J., et al. (2016). Introducing StatHand: A Cross-Platform Mobile Application to Support Students' Statistical Decision Making."" Frontiers in Psychology 7."""	45	"Allen, P. J., et al. (2016). """"Introducing StatHand: A Cross-Platform Mobile Application to Support Students' Statistical Decision Making."""" Frontiers in Psychology 7."""""	" Although essential to professional competence in psychology, quantitative research methods are a known area of weakness for many undergraduate psychology students. Students find selecting appropriate statistical tests and procedures for different types of research questions, hypotheses and data types particularly challenging, and these skills are not often practiced in class. Decision trees (a type of graphic organizer) are known to facilitate this decision making process, but extant trees have a number of limitations. Furthermore, emerging research suggests that mobile technologies offer many possibilities for facilitating learning. It is within this context that we have developed StatHand, a free cross-platform application designed to support students' statistical decision making. Developed with the support of the Australian Government Office for Learning and Teaching, StatHand guides users through a series of simple, annotated questions to help them identify a statistical test or procedure appropriate to their circumstances. It further offers the guidance necessary to run these tests and procedures, then interpret and report their results. In this Technology Report we will overview the rationale behind StatHand, before describing the feature set of the application. We will then provide guidelines for integrating StatHand into the research methods curriculum, before concluding by outlining our road map for the ongoing development and evaluation of StatHand."""
0	"Allen, P. M. and S. Clough (2015). Philosophical commitments, empirical evidence, and theoretical psychology."" Theory & Psychology 25(1): 3-24."""	46	"Allen, P. M. and S. Clough (2015). """"Philosophical commitments, empirical evidence, and theoretical psychology."""" Theory & Psychology 25(1): 3-24."""""	" The philosophical or theoretical commitments informing psychological research are sometimes characterized, even by theoretical psychologists themselves, as nonempirical, outside the bounds of methodological consideration, and/or nonrational. We argue that this characterization is incoherent. We illustrate our concern by analogy with problematic appeals to Kuhn’s work that have been influential in theoretical psychology. Following the contemporary pragmatist tradition, we argue that our philosophical/theoretical commitments are part of our larger webs of belief, and that for any of these beliefs to have meaning their content must be informed by our practical engagement with the world, i.e., they are based on empirical evidence, broadly construed. It is this empirical basis that allows us to recognize our commitments at all and rationally to assess and criticize them when necessary. We conclude by demonstrating a rational assessment of the philosophical/theoretical commitments underlying a recent study in the social psychology of religion. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Al-Maskari, F., et al. (2013). Knowledge, Attitude and Practices of Diabetic Patients in the United Arab Emirates."" Plos One 8(1)."""	47	"Al-Maskari, F., et al. (2013). """"Knowledge, Attitude and Practices of Diabetic Patients in the United Arab Emirates."""" Plos One 8(1)."""""	" Introduction: Diabetes self-management education is a cornerstone of diabetes care. However, many diabetics in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) lack sufficient knowledge about their disease due to illiteracy. Thus, before considering any possible intervention it was imperative to assess present knowledge, attitudes, and practices of patients towards the management of diabetes. Methods: A random sample of 575 DM patients was selected from diabetes outpatient's clinics of Tawam and Al-Ain hospitals in Al-Ain city (UAE) during 2006-2007, and their knowledge attitude and practice assessed using a questionnaire modified from the Michigan Diabetes Research Training Center instrument. Results: Thirty-one percent of patients had poor knowledge of diabetes. Seventy-two had negative attitudes towards having the disease and 57% had HbA(1c) levels reflecting poor glycemic control. Only seventeen percent reported having adequate blood sugar control, while 10% admitted non-compliance with their medications. Knowledge, practice and attitude scores were all statistically significantly positively, but rather weakly, associated, but none of these scores was significantly correlated with HbA1c. Conclusions: The study showed low levels of diabetes awareness but positive attitudes towards the importance of DM care and satisfactory diabetes practices in the UAE. Programs to increase patients' awareness about DM are essential for all diabetics in the UAE in order to improve their understanding, compliance and management and, thereby, their ability to cope with the disease."""
1	"Almeida-Gomes, M., et al. (2016). Teaching landscape ecology: the importance of field-oriented, inquiry-based approaches."" Landscape Ecology 31(5): 929-937."""	48	"Almeida-Gomes, M., et al. (2016). """"Teaching landscape ecology: the importance of field-oriented, inquiry-based approaches."""" Landscape Ecology 31(5): 929-937."""""	" Context Landscape ecology has traditionally been taught through theoretical classes or computer labs. On the other hand, field labs have been generally less used as a way of teaching landscape ecology concepts. Objectives We show that field labs with an inquiry-based approach, where students are involved in the investigation, are feasible for training students in landscape ecology. We evaluated how common field labs are in landscape ecology courses, and also their contribution for student learning. Methods We evaluated whether field labs are used in landscape ecology courses by scanning available syllabi. We also used outcomes from a course offered in Brazil to show how field labs can be integrated into landscape ecology courses. Results Only 18.2 % of the 44 syllabi we found had field labs. The case study developed in Brazil showed that field labs allowed students to develop important skills, including the ability to design field studies, choose appropriate scales of analysis, detect ecological patterns, and judge multiple hypotheses. Conclusions Field labs are still uncommon in landscape ecology courses, but they can be a useful tool to teach landscape ecology concepts and to help students developing the necessary skills to do research. We offer recommendations regarding how to incorporate field labs in landscape ecology courses."""
0	"Alolod, G. P., et al. (2016). Utility and Usability of the Rapid Assessment of Hospital Procurement Barriers in Donation (RAPiD) as a Tool for OPO Hospital Development Staff."" Progress in Transplantation 26(3): 241-248."""	49	"Alolod, G. P., et al. (2016). """"Utility and Usability of the Rapid Assessment of Hospital Procurement Barriers in Donation (RAPiD) as a Tool for OPO Hospital Development Staff."""" Progress in Transplantation 26(3): 241-248."""""	" Context: Few systematic assessment tools are available to organ procurement organizations (OPOs) for evaluating donation climates of hospitals in their donation service areas (DSAs). The Rapid Assessment of hospital Procurement barriers in Donation (RAPiD) was developed for OPO hospital development staff to assess the organ donation climate of hospitals. Objective: To implement a national test of the RAPiD to examine its efficacy and usability by OPO hospital development staff. Design: Two-arm randomized design, comparing implementation of RAPiD protocol between qualitatively trained researchers (n = 7) and OPO hospital development staff (n = 24)  all evaluators received the same training assessments of high-yield hospitals. Setting: A total of 77 hospitals in DSAs of 8 OPOs. Participants: A total of 2552 health-care providers (HCPs) in high organ donor potential units. Main Outcome Measures: Twenty-four donation-related attitudes, knowledge, and behaviors. Results: More HCPs interviewed in the autonomous condition were positive toward the concept of organ donation. However, HCPs in the assisted condition were more candid about and critical of the OPO. As for knowledge, fewer HCPs in the autonomous condition reported familiarity with the donation process, need for donors, and generally accepted timely referral criteria. With respect to behaviors, more respondents in the autonomous condition reported frequent or occasional contact with the OPO and routine or occasional referral criteria use. Due to issues of bias, inadequate research experience, conflicts of interest, and ongoing OPO hospital development initiatives, the RAPiD's usability by OPO-based hospital development staff is questionable and not recommended in its current form. A next generation of the RAPiD is described for future consideration."""
0	"Alozie, N. M., et al. (2012). Promoting 21st-Century Skills in the Science Classroom by Adapting Cookbook Lab Activities: The Case of DNA Extraction of Wheat Germ."" American Biology Teacher 74(7): 485-489."""	50	"Alozie, N. M., et al. (2012). """"Promoting 21st-Century Skills in the Science Classroom by Adapting Cookbook Lab Activities: The Case of DNA Extraction of Wheat Germ."""" American Biology Teacher 74(7): 485-489."""""	" How can science instruction engage students in 21st-century skills and inquiry-based learning, even when doing simple labs in the classroom? We collaborated with teachers in professional development workshops to transform ""cookbook"""" activities into engaging laboratory experiences. We show how to change the common classroom activity of DNA extraction of wheat germ to integrate cooperative group strategies, graphic organizers, and classroom discussions. Teachers found these strategies helpful as they worked to adapt instruction that prepared students with the knowledge and skills necessary to succeed in 21st-century Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) careers."""""
0	"Althausen, P. L., et al. (2014). Reno Orthopaedic Trauma Fellowship Business Curriculum."" Journal of Orthopaedic Trauma 28: S3-S11."""	51	"Althausen, P. L., et al. (2014). """"Reno Orthopaedic Trauma Fellowship Business Curriculum."""" Journal of Orthopaedic Trauma 28: S3-S11."""""	" The Reno Orthopaedic Center (ROC) Trauma Fellowship business curriculum is designed to provide the fellow with a graduate level business practicum and research experience. The time commitments in a typical 12-month trauma fellowship are significant, rendering a traditional didactic master's in business administration difficult to complete during this short time. An organized, structured, practical business education can provide the trauma leaders of tomorrow with the knowledge and experience required to effectively navigate the convoluted and constantly changing healthcare system. The underlying principle throughout the curriculum is to provide the fellow with the practical knowledge to participate in cost-efficient improvements in healthcare delivery. Through the ROC Trauma Fellowship business curriculum, the fellow will learn that delivering healthcare in a manner that provides better outcomes for equal or lower costs is not only possible but a professional and ethical responsibility. However, instilling these values without providing actionable knowledge and programs would be insufficient and ineffective. For this reason, the core of the curriculum is based on individual teaching sessions with a wide array of hospital and private practice administrators. In addition, each section is equipped with a suggested reading list to maximize the learning experience. Upon completion of the curriculum, the fellow should be able to: (1) Participate in strategic planning at both the hospital and practice level based on analysis of financial and clinical data, (2) Understand the function of healthcare systems at both a macro and micro level, (3) Possess the knowledge and skills to be strong leaders and effective communicators in the business lexicon of healthcare, (4) Be a partner and innovator in the improvement of the delivery of orthopaedic services, (5) Combine scientific and strategic viewpoints to provide an evidence-based strategy for improving quality of care in a cost-efficient manner, (6) Understand the political, economic, and strategic basics of private practice orthopaedics."""
0	"Alvarez, L. D. C. (2013). My new school year resolution—Bringing projects to publication: Advice for faculty and students."" Psi Chi Journal of Psychological Research 18(3): 137-142."""	52	"Alvarez, L. D. C. (2013). """"My new school year resolution—Bringing projects to publication: Advice for faculty and students."""" Psi Chi Journal of Psychological Research 18(3): 137-142."""""	" in this article, the author offer some piece of advice for both faculty and students about ways to include research in the classroom experience, be a good student candidate for continuing work, and avoid the classroom file-drawer effect. Research experience is an important goal of the undergraduate psychology curriculum. As a discipline, we are meeting these goals in a variety of ways but are less effective when it comes to bringing students’ work to publication. Quality journals that judge students’ work based upon their developmental level provide excellent opportunities for faculty and students to avoid the file-drawer effect. Considering the call for replication in psychology and the opportunity for student publication, one should all take advantage of this historic time in this discipline. Student and faculty collaboration is a valuable experience for all involved. Both parties benefit from a productive research relationship. Undergraduate publication helps students pave a path to graduate school acceptance by building critical thinking, reading, and writing skills, in addition to the cultivation of collaborative relationships with faculty. Students are encouraged to consider the qualities that will make them a successful collaborator outside of class in addition to seeking out opportunities to turn their hard work into a publication. As faculty, some of the most rewarding teaching moments occur when we witness our students grow beyond the content of our curriculum and develop into scholars. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Amadio, P., et al. (2010). Scientific Activity and Needs Among Medical Oncology Units in Sicily: A Survey of The Italian Association of Medical Oncology."" Journal of Chemotherapy 22(1): 48-53."""	53	"Amadio, P., et al. (2010). """"Scientific Activity and Needs Among Medical Oncology Units in Sicily: A Survey of The Italian Association of Medical Oncology."""" Journal of Chemotherapy 22(1): 48-53."""""	" In the era of targeted therapies and combined modalities of treatment, scientific research plays a role of paramount importance in improving knowledge of cancer treatment. The aim of this survey was to review the scientific activity of medical oncology units in Sicily and to analyze their needs and possible pitfalls in order to improve future scientific cooperation. The regional section of the Italian Association of Medical Oncology (AIOM) approved this survey in November, 2007. A systematic review of scientific activity produced by medical oncology units in Sicily during the last 5 years has been reviewed. Papers dealing with solid tumors reported in the PubMed web site have been included in the analysis. Data were reported as absolute number of published papers and impact factor per medical oncology unit and also as a ratio between global impact factor and the number of personnel working in each single unit to analyze scientific production according to the workforce of each institution. We identified a total of 283 papers reported in PubMed between 2004 and March, 2009. The mean number of publications/unit was 10.9 with a range of 0-50. The mean number of publications/year was 11.7 with a range of 0.2-10. The 15 units included in the impact factor evaluation published 252 papers with a total impact factor of 1014.6 points in 5 years with a mean of 63.4 points per institution and a mean of 4.02 points/paper. However only four medical oncology units reported a cumulative 5-year impact factor 100 points. This survey has shown that a minority of medical oncology units in Sicily is constantly involved in clinical research although at different levels of activity. Overall the percentage of patients enrolled in clinical trials is very low. The main reasons for lack of participation in clinical trials include insufficient medical personnel, the absence of a specifically dedicated research unit inside the medical oncology structures and in some cases lack of research experience and of specific interests in this field."""
0	"Anaf, S. and L. A. Sheppard (2007). Mixing Research Methods in Health Professional Degrees: Thoughts for Undergraduate Students and Supervisors."" Qualitative Report 12(2): 184-192."""	54	"Anaf, S. and L. A. Sheppard (2007). """"Mixing Research Methods in Health Professional Degrees: Thoughts for Undergraduate Students and Supervisors."""" Qualitative Report 12(2): 184-192."""""	" This commentary considers some of the challenges of applying mixed methods research in undergraduate research degrees, especially in professions with a clinical health focus. Our experience in physiotherapy academia is used as an example. Mixed methods research is increasingly appreciated in its own right as a ""third paradigm,"""" however the success of educating novice researchers in mixing methods requires reflection on a range of theoretical and practical issues. We explore some of the underreported features of mixed methods on a theoretical level, including the use of terminology, and the challenge of research """"labels,"""" and on a practical level, the benefits of including mixing methods in clinical research and the issue of appropriate examination. (Contains 1 table.)"""""
0	"Anandarajah, G., et al. (2016). Scholarly development for primary care residents."" Clinical Teacher 13(6): 415-421."""	55	"Anandarajah, G., et al. (2016). """"Scholarly development for primary care residents."""" Clinical Teacher 13(6): 415-421."""""	" Background: Development, evaluation and dissemination of primary care innovations are essential for the future of health care  however, primary care physicians including family physician, lag behind hospital-based physicians in research productivity. Family medicine residencies struggle to implement scholarly skills training programmes for busy family physicians. The Primary Care Scholarly Development Program (PC-SDP) aimed to empower residents to incorporate innovation with scholarship into future practice, by facilitating successful resident scholarly projects and reducing perceived barriers. Methods: Educational intervention. The required PC-SDP was piloted through a family medicine residency programme in the USA. Key elements included: rigorous but achievable requirements  emphasis on Boyer's scholarship of application, teaching and discovery  resident engagement, through the support of their 'professional passions'  basic research training  multilevel mentoring  and modest curriculum time. Evaluation. A mixed-methods longitudinal evaluation included: (1) a qualitative study of intervention class  (2) assessing the scholarly output of the intervention class versus the comparison class  and (3) a follow-up survey of both groups after 3 or 4 years. Results: Data were analysed from all 25 residents in the classes of 2008 and 2009 (12 intervention  13 comparison). Qualitative interviews of residents from the intervention group revealed that their initial feelings of trepidation about scholarly work gave way to feelings of accomplishment and confidence in their ability to integrate scholarship into busy careers. Residents in the intervention group had a greater volume of scholarly output at graduation, and follow-up surveys suggest that they value incorporating scholarship into their careers more so than physicians from the comparison group. Discussion: The PC-SDP seems to foster enthusiasm for scholarship by supporting residents' professional passions and facilitating successful projects. This may foster improved participation in scholarship in future clinical practice."""
0	"Anderson, B. J., et al. (2014). Faculty survey to assess research literacy and evidence-informed practice interest and support a Pacific College of Oriental Medicine."" The Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine 20(9): 705-712."""	56	"Anderson, B. J., et al. (2014). """"Faculty survey to assess research literacy and evidence-informed practice interest and support a Pacific College of Oriental Medicine."""" The Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine 20(9): 705-712."""""	" Context: Educating healthcare practitioners to understand, critically evaluate, and apply evidence to the clinical practice of complementary and alternative medicine has been an important initiative for the National Institutes of Health National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine. Objective: To determine the self-assessed research skills and interest of faculty at Pacific College of Oriental Medicine (New York campus) and their likely support of, and participatory interest in, an evidence-based medicine (EBM) training program. Design: The survey was administered in Survey Monkey. All questions were close-ended with 5-point Likert answers, except for one open-ended question at the end of the survey. Setting: One of three campuses of Pacific College of Oriental Medicine (PCOM), the largest Chinese medicine college in the United States. Participants: 102 faculty employed at PCOM. Results: The response rate was 88.7%. Responses illustrated a generally high degree of interest and support for research, EBM, and institutional participation in research activities. Faculty who responded to the open-ended question (19.6% of respondents) expressed concerns about the relevance of research to Chinese medicine and the possibility of co-option by biomedicine. Conclusions: While faculty were overall supportive and interested in research and EBM, the results are consistent with the hypothesis that success of EBM training programs could be enhanced by soliciting and addressing faculty concerns and by being inclusive of approaches that honor the traditions of Chinese medicine and its own forms of clinical evidence. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Anderson, C. B., et al. (2016). Assessment of scientific communication self-efficacy, interest, and outcome expectations for career development in academic medicine."" Journal of Career Assessment 24(1): 182-196."""	57	"Anderson, C. B., et al. (2016). """"Assessment of scientific communication self-efficacy, interest, and outcome expectations for career development in academic medicine."""" Journal of Career Assessment 24(1): 182-196."""""	" Competency in forms of scientific communication, both written and spoken, is essential for success in academic science. This study examined the psychometric properties of three new measures, based on social cognitive career theory, that are relevant to assessment of skill and perseverance in scientific communication. Pre- and postdoctoral trainees in biomedical science (N = 411) completed online questionnaires assessing self-efficacy in scientific communication, career outcome expectations, and interest in performing tasks in scientific writing, oral presentation, and impromptu scientific discourse. Structural equation modeling was used to evaluate factor structures and model relations. Confirmatory factor analysis supported a 22-item, 3-factor measure of self-efficacy  an 11-item, 2-factor measure of outcome expectations  and a 12-item, 3-factor measure of interest in scientific communication activities. Construct validity was further demonstrated by theory-consistent inter-factor relations and relations with typical communications performance behaviors (e.g., writing manuscripts, abstracts, and presenting at national meetings). (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Anderson, E. E. (2015). CIRTification: Training in Human Research Protections for Community-Engaged Research Partners."" Progress in Community Health Partnerships-Research Education and Action 9(2): 283-288."""	58	"Anderson, E. E. (2015). """"CIRTification: Training in Human Research Protections for Community-Engaged Research Partners."""" Progress in Community Health Partnerships-Research Education and Action 9(2): 283-288."""""	" Background: Human research ethics training should provide relevant, meaningful information and build skills. Compliance should not be the only goal  training should also enhance knowledge, skills, and capacity. However, most currently available human research ethics training programs are geared toward learners who already have some research experience and working knowledge of research methods (e.g., graduate students, junior researchers) "" many community partners, however, have little or no prior exposure to research. More important, standard training programs do not adequately address the unique context of community-engaged research (CEnR). Objectives: This article describes the development process, final curricular materials, and suggestions for successful implementation of CIRTification, a human research ethics training program designed specifically for community research partners who will be working on the """"frontlines"""" of research. Methods: Development of CIRTification involved an extensive literature review, consultation with stakeholders including community partners, academic researchers, and human research protection program personnel. Conclusions: The curriculum, as well as information and materials to help potential users promote acceptance of the curriculum by their local institutional review boards (IRBs), are freely available online at www.go.uic.edu/CIRT. Ideally, community research partners who complete CIRTification will not only learn about the importance of protecting research participants but also be empowered to substantially contribute to the ethical practices of their respective research collaborations."""""
0	"Anderson, H. (2012). Peggy Penn in memoriam (1931–2012)."" Journal of Marital and Family Therapy 38(4): 571-572."""	59	"Anderson, H. (2012). """"Peggy Penn in memoriam (1931–2012)."""" Journal of Marital and Family Therapy 38(4): 571-572."""""	" Presents an obituary of Peggy Penn (1931–2012). Peggy Penn, an eloquent leading voice in the family therapy world that significantly contributed to its scholarship and practice, died peacefully at her home in New York City on July 28, 2012. Her contributions evolved through years of clinical and research experience. She deliberated on those experiences and always sought ways to understand them. Assuming a stance of possibility, equality, and respect, her manner, expression, and words deeply engaged her with others and invited them to join her in imagining hoped for and previously unimagined futures. Much of Peggy's work focused on chronic illness and trauma, and the difficult, frail, and absent relationships that often accompanied them. She approached therapy from a social construction and dialogic perspective and believed that change was based in language when used thoughtfully and carefully. Peggy was Faculty Emeritus at the Ackerman Institute where she was Director of the Language and Writing Project and Training Director 1986–1992. Her many affiliations included Board Member of the Poetry Society of America and Honorary Associate of the Taos Institute. A multitalented woman, Peggy was a published poet and had an earlier career as an actor. A recipient of several honors in the field of family therapy, she was also the first recipient of the Emily Dickinson Award for innovative poetry. She was married to the late Arthur Penn and they have two children and four grandchildren. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Anderson, J. O., et al. (2007). Using Large-Scale Assessment Datasets for Research in Science and Mathematics Education: Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA)."" International Journal of Science and Mathematics Education 5(4): 591-614."""	60	"Anderson, J. O., et al. (2007). """"Using Large-Scale Assessment Datasets for Research in Science and Mathematics Education: Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA)."""" International Journal of Science and Mathematics Education 5(4): 591-614."""""	" Large-scale assessments of student achievement provide a window into the broadly defined concepts of literacy and generate information about levels and types of student achievement in relation to some of the correlates of learning, such as student background, attitudes, and perceptions, and perhaps school and home characteristics. This paper provides an overview and outlines potential research opportunities of one such assessment--the Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA). In order to provide examples of the work that can be accomplished with these data, we describe and discuss the results generated from PISA 2000 and PISA 2003 in terms of international comparisons of achievement and the models of relational patterns of student, home, and school characteristics. We provide insight from the recent pilot testing conducted in Taiwan for PISA 2006, which has a focus on scientific literacy. This is followed by a discussion of the implications and potentials of the 2000 and 2003 datasets to facilitate research on scientific and mathematical literacy. The paper concludes with a look ahead to PISA 2006 and what researchers should be attending to in the research reports generated from the OECD and the research interests that they could follow given access to the datasets generated."""
0	"Andon, P. and J. Baxter (2011). Introducing and contextualising customer lifetime valuation: A management accounting teaching resource."" Accounting Education 20(1): 39-61."""	61	"Andon, P. and J. Baxter (2011). """"Introducing and contextualising customer lifetime valuation: A management accounting teaching resource."""" Accounting Education 20(1): 39-61."""""	" The resource presented in this paper introduces and contextualises the teaching of Customer Lifetime Valuation (CLV) to management accounting students. CLV is a relatively recent innovation. It involves calculating the present value of expected net cash flows generated over the lifetime of an organisation’s relationship with a particular customer/customer segment and using this information better to manage returns derived from a customer base. The Teaching Resource provides an introduction to the topic, suggested learning objectives, suitable student reading, and an innovative case (OzInsure case) facilitating students’ technical competence and evaluation of CLV. Also included are suggested solutions and further background information situating the use and development of the teaching resource. Feedback received from peers and students indicates the utility of the Teaching Resource, and provides guidance as to its future development. More generally, this resource illustrates the feasibility of using instructors’ research experiences to inform learning in management accounting. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Andras, S. (2012). Constructing with Non-Standard Bricks."" Australian Mathematics Teacher 68(4): 23-29."""	62	"Andras, S. (2012). """"Constructing with Non-Standard Bricks."""" Australian Mathematics Teacher 68(4): 23-29."""""	" The necessity of using inquiry-based learning (IBL) was recently recommended by studies and reports made for the European Commission. Several European projects are devoted to the widespread use of IBL methods. The effects of using IBL are studied worldwide. In the framework of the Seventh Framework Program (FP7) project PRIMAS, a series of piloting activities were organized in Romania in order to test, adapt and develop inquiry-based teaching materials. Most of these piloting actions were organised by local professional communities with the purpose of creating real feedback for the project and for gathering professional experience in implementing inquiry-based pedagogies in mathematics and science education. This article presents an activity where students were formulating the problems. Teachers were only creating the milieu and facilitating the work. As a second step, the accumulated experience related to this activity was used in a professional development (PD) course organised by the Babes-Bolyai University in the framework of the PRIMAS project. (Contains 10 figures and 1 footnote.)"""
0	"Andreoni, G., et al. (2012). Ergonomics and design for sustainability in healthcare: ambient assisted living and the social-environmental impact of patients lifestyle."" Work-a Journal of Prevention Assessment & Rehabilitation 41: 3883-3887."""	63	"Andreoni, G., et al. (2012). """"Ergonomics and design for sustainability in healthcare: ambient assisted living and the social-environmental impact of patients lifestyle."""" Work-a Journal of Prevention Assessment & Rehabilitation 41: 3883-3887."""""	" This work presents considerations on Ergonomics and Design for Sustainability in the healthcare field based on research experiences of the Technology and Design for Healthcare (TeDH) research group of INDACO (Industrial design, communication, arts and fashion) department of Politecnico di Milano. In order to develop a multidisciplinary approach to design able to answer to specific user needs such as elderly in an environmental sustainable way (1) this paper shows the results we achieved concerning ergonomics and environmental impact in product development (2), the extension of this approach to interior and home design and the advantage of the application of Information Communication Technologies (ICT). ICT can help people with special needs to make their everyday life easier and more safe, at the same time, ICT can make social-environmental impact of everyday behavior evident and can be applied to manage sustainability. The specific theme is thus to integrate ergonomics and sustainability competences in the development of Ambient Assisted Living through a Product-Service System approach. The concept of product service system has the potential to improve product performances and services, establish new relations and networks with different actors in order to satisfy user needs and apply a systems approach considering environmental, social and economic factors in the users' environment."""
0	"Andreu-Perez, J., et al. (2016). EALab (eye activity lab): A MATLAB toolbox for variable extraction, multivariate analysis and classification of eye-movement data."" Neuroinformatics 14(1): 51-67."""	64	"Andreu-Perez, J., et al. (2016). """"EALab (eye activity lab): A MATLAB toolbox for variable extraction, multivariate analysis and classification of eye-movement data."""" Neuroinformatics 14(1): 51-67."""""	" Recent advances in the reliability of the eye-tracking methodology as well as the increasing availability of affordable non-intrusive technology have opened the door to new research opportunities in a variety of areas and applications. This has raised increasing interest within disciplines such as medicine, business and education for analysing human perceptual and psychological processes based on eye-tracking data. However, most of the currently available software requires programming skills and focuses on the analysis of a limited set of eye-movement measures (e.g., saccades and fixations), thus excluding other measures of interest to the classification of a determined state or condition. This paper describes ‘EALab’, a MATLAB toolbox aimed at easing the extraction, multivariate analysis and classification stages of eye-activity data collected from commercial and independent eye trackers. The processing implemented in this toolbox enables to evaluate variables extracted from a wide range of measures including saccades, fixations, blinks, pupil diameter and glissades. Using EALab does not require any programming and the analysis can be performed through a user-friendly graphical user interface (GUI) consisting of three processing modules: 1) eye-activity measure extraction interface, 2) variable selection and analysis interface, and 3) classification interface. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Andrikopoulos, J. (2008). Neurotherapeutics: Alternative career or at least novel information."" Journal of the International Neuropsychological Society 14(3): 500-501."""	65	"Andrikopoulos, J. (2008). """"Neurotherapeutics: Alternative career or at least novel information."""" Journal of the International Neuropsychological Society 14(3): 500-501."""""	" Reviews the book, Progress in neurotherapeutics and neuropsychopharmacology, Volume 1 edited by Jeffrey L. Cummings (see record [rid]2006-07537-000[/rid]) which provides an overview of what is for most neuropsychologists a new content area—clinical trials. This book can be useful on a number of counts. First, knowledge of neurotherapeutics is an indirect method for understanding the basic science of neurological diseases since drug development hinges upon appreciating the pathology of the disease. Second, three factors make neuropsychologists uniquely qualified to understand neurotherapeutics in the form of clinical trials—knowledge of most neurological disease states and research training. Finally, all clinical trials have a primary outcome measure. When the primary outcome measure is cognition, our contribution as neuropsychologists can be paramount. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Angeliki, N. M., et al. (2016). Towards a common standard - A reporting checklist for web-based stated preference valuation surveys and a critique for mode surveys."" Journal of Choice Modelling 18: 18-50."""	66	"Angeliki, N. M., et al. (2016). """"Towards a common standard - A reporting checklist for web-based stated preference valuation surveys and a critique for mode surveys."""" Journal of Choice Modelling 18: 18-50."""""	" Historically, web-based economic valuation surveys published in the literature have generally been rather sparse on providing details of their web development and administration. Given the many survey development choices and consequences that are particular to web -surveys, the lack of a common reporting standard on the survey administration part can make it very difficult to judge the quality and validity of results obtained in a web-based valuation survey. This paper provides such a reporting checklist for stated preference valuation surveys developed for and administered through the web. The checklist is developed based on the bulk of knowledge gained so far with web -based surveys. This knowledge is compiled based on an extensive review of relevant literature dated from 2001 to beginning of 2015 in the Scopus database. Somewhat surprisingly, relatively few papers are concerned with survey mode effects or with the new opportunities for experimentation that the web survey mode presents. In relation to this, our paper also outlines future research opportunities and directions that would seem particularly relevant to further investigate and validate the increasing use of web based questionnaires for economic valuation surveys. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
0	"Angucia, M., et al. (2010). Researching the reintegration of formerly abducted children in Northern Uganda through action research: Experiences and reflections."" Journal of Community & Applied Social Psychology 20(3): 217-231."""	67	"Angucia, M., et al. (2010). """"Researching the reintegration of formerly abducted children in Northern Uganda through action research: Experiences and reflections."""" Journal of Community & Applied Social Psychology 20(3): 217-231."""""	" This paper presents experiences and reflections on the use of a participatory research methodology under the difficult conditions of a war situation in northern Uganda. We draw from two complimentary approaches in action research to explain our methodology while doing research on the reintegration of formerly abducted children. First, the experience oriented approach, which emphasizes the need to articulate experience as a basis for learning and knowledge. Second, the exemplary participatory approach which highlights the importance of enhancing empowerment and the need to find solutions for social problems. We find these two approaches useful for doing action research in a conflict area because of their emphasis on experience and empowerment respectively. In our research, experience is important because of the children's encounter with the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA) rebels that both needs to be understood and justifies reintegration. On the other hand, empowerment is important for our assumption that the children's experience and encounter with the LRA has disempowering effects on them. We demonstrate the use of the approaches in our research by enhancing participation, balancing power relations and being aware of ethical issues while at the same time attempting to make the research valid in spite of the challenges. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Annetta, L. A., et al. (2013). Science Teacher Efficacy and Extrinsic Factors toward Professional Development Using Video Games in a Design-Based Research Model: The Next Generation of STEM Learning."" Journal of Science Education and Technology 22(1): 47-61."""	69	"Annetta, L. A., et al. (2013). """"Science Teacher Efficacy and Extrinsic Factors toward Professional Development Using Video Games in a Design-Based Research Model: The Next Generation of STEM Learning."""" Journal of Science Education and Technology 22(1): 47-61."""""	" Designed-based research principles guided the study of 51 secondary-science teachers in the second year of a 3-year professional development project. The project entailed the creation of student-centered, inquiry-based, science, video games. A professional development model appropriate for infusing innovative technologies into standards-based curricula was employed to determine how science teacher's attitudes and efficacy where impacted while designing science-based video games. The study's mixed-method design ascertained teacher efficacy on five factors (General computer use, Science Learning, Inquiry Teaching and Learning, Synchronous chat/text, and Playing Video Games) related to technology and gaming using a web-based survey). Qualitative data in the form of online blog posts was gathered during the project to assist in the triangulation and assessment of teacher efficacy. Data analyses consisted of an Analysis of Variance and serial coding of teacher reflective responses. Results indicated participants who used computers daily have higher efficacy while using inquiry-based teaching methods and science teaching and learning. Additional emergent findings revealed possible motivating factors for efficacy. This professional development project was focused on inquiry as a pedagogical strategy, standard-based science learning as means to develop content knowledge, and creating video games as technological knowledge. The project was consistent with the Technological Pedagogical Content Knowledge (TPCK) framework where overlapping circles of the three components indicates development of an integrated understanding of the suggested relationships. Findings provide suggestions for development of standards-based science education software, its integration into the curriculum and, strategies for implementing technology into teaching practices."""
0	"Anstey, L. M., et al. (2014). Reflections as near‐peer facilitators of an inquiry project for undergraduate anatomy: Successes and challenges from a term of trial‐and‐error."" Anatomical Sciences Education 7(1): 64-70."""	70	"Anstey, L. M., et al. (2014). """"Reflections as near‐peer facilitators of an inquiry project for undergraduate anatomy: Successes and challenges from a term of trial‐and‐error."""" Anatomical Sciences Education 7(1): 64-70."""""	" Near-peer facilitators (senior students serving as facilitators to their more junior peers) bring a unique student-based perspective to teaching. With fewer years of teaching experience however, students who become involved in a facilitator role typically develop related skills quickly through a process of trial-and-error within the classroom. The aim of this paper is to report on the authors’ own experiences and reflections as student near-peer facilitators for an inquiry-based project in an undergraduate anatomy course. Three areas of the facilitator experience are explored: (1) offering adequate guidance as facilitators of inquiry, (2) motivating students to engage in the inquiry process, and (3) fostering creativity in learning. A practical framework for providing guidance to students is discussed which offers facilitators a scaffold for asking questions and assisting students through the inquiry process. Considerations for stimulating intrinsic motivations toward inquiry learning are made, paying attention to ways in which facilitators might influence feelings of motivation towards learning. Also, the role of creativity in inquiry learning is explored by highlighting the actions facilitators can take to foster a creative learning environment. Finally, recommendations are made for the development of formalized training programs that aid near-peer facilitators in the acquisition of facilitation skills before entering into a process of trial-and-error within the classroom. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Antle, A. N. (2013). Research opportunities: Embodied child–computer interaction."" International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 1(1): 30-36."""	71	"Antle, A. N. (2013). """"Research opportunities: Embodied child–computer interaction."""" International Journal of Child-Computer Interaction 1(1): 30-36."""""	" The child–computer-interaction community has been increasingly influenced by an interaction paradigm called embodied interaction. Embodied child–computer interaction is grounded in theories of embodied cognition that include a dynamic systems perspective on children’s development, different mechanisms for offloading cognition to the world, and inter-related theories about how movement informs learning and cognition. The last ten years have seen these perspectives on cognition rise in prevalence and acceptance in the cognitive science community. But what is embodied child–computer interaction? How does it change how we design interactive technologies for children? What are the gaps in knowledge that need to be addressed? In this paper, I provide a short introduction to embodied cognition and embodied child–computer interaction, discuss several roles that theories can play in child–computer interaction research, and identify three important groups of theories that have practical application in interaction design. Each area is explained and illustrated with recent work from the field. Opportunities for future research are broadly identified. The main contribution of the paper is the framing and identification of three opportunities for research in embodied child–computer interaction, which I hope will set the stage for future research publications in this international journal of child–computer interaction. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Antonius, D., et al. (2007). Integrating science in applied psychology programs: A student-operated journal."" Teaching of Psychology 34(1): 31-34."""	72	"Antonius, D., et al. (2007). """"Integrating science in applied psychology programs: A student-operated journal."""" Teaching of Psychology 34(1): 31-34."""""	" As a requirement of APA accreditation, many PhD programs in applied psychology subscribe to some variant of the scientist-practitioner model. However, critics have argued that integrating science into an applied psychology curriculum may be too challenging a task. This article describes the development of The New School Psychology Bulletin, a student-operated journal dedicated to publishing original research articles written by psychology graduate students. We argue that the process of publishing a student-operated journal can have a positive effect on students' attitudes toward research and has the potential to serve as a model to foster integration of research and training experiences in an applied psychology program."""
1	"Anunson, P. N., et al. (2013). Involving Students in a Collaborative Project To Help Discover Inexpensive, Stable Materials for Solar Photoelectrolysis."" Journal of Chemical Education 90(10): 1333-1340."""	73	"Anunson, P. N., et al. (2013). """"Involving Students in a Collaborative Project To Help Discover Inexpensive, Stable Materials for Solar Photoelectrolysis."""" Journal of Chemical Education 90(10): 1333-1340."""""	" In general, laboratory experiments focus on traditional chemical disciplines. While this approach allows students the ability to learn and explore fundamental concepts in a specific area, it does not always encourage students to explore interdisciplinary science. Often little transfer of knowledge from one area to another is observed, as students are given step-by-step instructions on how to complete their task with little involvement or problem solving. Herein, we provide an example of a real-time research laboratory experiment that is aimed at individual's exploration and development, with the scientific goal of discovering inexpensive, stable oxide semiconductors that can efficiently photoelectrolyze water to a useable fuel, hydrogen. Students create unique metal oxide semiconductors combinations, scan the samples for photoactivity using a purchased scan station, and report their findings to a collaborative database. A distinctive feature of the project is its ability to be implemented in a variety of educational levels with a breadth and depth of material covered accordingly. Currently, kits are being used in secondary education classrooms, at undergraduate institutions, or as outreach activities. The project provides students and scientists from different disciplines the opportunity to collaborate in research pertaining to clean energy and the global energy crisis."""
1	"Apedoe, X. S. (2008). Engaging Students in Inquiry: Tales From an Undergraduate Geology Laboratory-Based Course."" Science Education 92(4): 631-663."""	74	"Apedoe, X. S. (2008). """"Engaging Students in Inquiry: Tales From an Undergraduate Geology Laboratory-Based Course."""" Science Education 92(4): 631-663."""""	" This paper reports the synthesis of three case studies of students' engagement in inquiry-based learning activities in an upper-level undergraduate geology course. Details of how students engaged in scientific questions, gave priority to evidence, formulated explanations, evaluated explanations, and communicated and justified their findings are presented. Data for this study included classroom observations and fieldnotes of classroom practices, questionnaires, archival data (e.g., student work samples), and audiotapes and transcripts of interviews conducted with the student participants throughout the course. The findings suggest that although these students were able to successfully appropriate inquiry practices (e.g., giving priority to evidence), it was not without its challenges (e.g., perceived lack of guidance). A detailed discussion of the ways in which students were successful, and where they had challenges engaging in inquiry is presented, with the goal of helping direct practitioners and researchers to strategies whereby students' inquiry experiences can be improved. (Contains 6 tables.)"""
0	"Appleton, J. V. and P. Sidebotham (2015). The child at the centre of care."" Child Abuse Review 24(2): 77-81."""	75	"Appleton, J. V. and P. Sidebotham (2015). """"The child at the centre of care."""" Child Abuse Review 24(2): 77-81."""""	" This editorial provides an overview of articles in the 2015, Vol 24(2), Mar-Apr issue of Child Abuse Review. Drawing on her research experience, B. Daniel argues that existing evidence around the impact of neglect is not being used to best effect and that current protective systems ‘are still struggling to provide an effective response to neglected children.’ Daniel asks us to consider why we continue to have difficulties in putting the research evidence into practice. In the second paper, J. McGhee and colleagues in Scotland bring together ideas from an international knowledge exchange seminar series to examine the potential of using routine administrative data and longitudinal survey data about children involved with child welfare services. Drawing on developments in the US and Australia, these authors highlight the potential use of such data to track children’s trajectories through child welfare, health and education services in order to examine children’s long-term outcomes and to inform operational and practice decision-making. In the next paper, J. Masson and J. Dickens present an account of the current law in England and Wales to protect newborn babies and the ‘pre-proceedings process’, for practice with families on the edge of care proceedings. Next, M. A. Taşar and colleagues report on an educational prevention programme around the dangers of shaken baby syndrome. Increasing fathers’ involvement in child safeguarding is an issued raised by J. Scourfield and colleagues, who present the key findings from an evaluation of a Fatherhood Institute project delivered between April 2011 and March 2013. The final paper in this issue reports on a doctoral research study conducted to explore how child protection professionals in the UK experience complexity. R. Hood describes using a qualitative case-based approach to explore what complexity meant for 17 practitioners and examined its significance for interprofessional working. The issue closes with a review by L. Robb of S. Laird’s book Child Protection: Managing Conflict, Hostility and Aggression which aims to equip practitioners with the knowledge and skills to manage hostility and aggression faced in frontline practice, including managing conflict with children. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Arabacioglu, S. and A. O. Unver (2016). SUPPORTING INQUIRY BASED LABORATORY PRACTICES WITH MOBILE LEARNING TO ENHANCE STUDENTS' PROCESS SKILLS IN SCIENCE EDUCATION."" Journal of Baltic Science Education 15(2): 216-231."""	76	"Arabacioglu, S. and A. O. Unver (2016). """"SUPPORTING INQUIRY BASED LABORATORY PRACTICES WITH MOBILE LEARNING TO ENHANCE STUDENTS' PROCESS SKILLS IN SCIENCE EDUCATION."""" Journal of Baltic Science Education 15(2): 216-231."""""	" Supporting the latest technology for inquiry is among one of the topics that is currently being discussed in the context of science education. The aim of this research is to examine the laboratory practices that use mobile learning to enhance the science process skills of the participants. The research is of qualitative design and has been planned as action research. The practices on determining the quality of water are based on an approach of guided inquiry based learning. The research was conducted with eleven (n=11) volunteering pre-service teachers who were third-year students in department of the science teacher education. Group discussions, classroom camera records and spreadsheet responses were used to determine the scope of the research. The data were analyzed with directed content analysis by two separate researchers who used the Nvivo 8 program. At the end of the research, it was concluded that using mobile learning contributed to the laboratory practices in many ways."""
0	"Argyle, D. J., et al. (2013). ECAT-V: where clinical and research training meet."" Veterinary Record 173(15): 364-365."""	77	"Argyle, D. J., et al. (2013). """"ECAT-V: where clinical and research training meet."""" Veterinary Record 173(15): 364-365."""""	" The University of Edinburgh is currently inviting applications for a unique training programme intended to develop a new generation of veterinary researchers, who are able to conduct internationally competitive research while still being grounded in clinical practice. Modelled on the Edinburgh Clinical Academic Track (ECAT) programme for medical trainees, the ECAT-V programme will allow successful applicants to develop both their clinical and research skills. Here, David Argyle, head of the Royal (Dick) School of Veterinary Studies, and his medical colleagues, John Iredale, Andrew Jackson and Brian Walker, describe the initiative and explain why it is important"""
0	"Arhar, J., et al. (2013). Creating a ""Third Space"" in the Context of a University-School Partnership: Supporting Teacher Action Research and the Research Preparation of Doctoral Students."" Educational Action Research 21(2): 218-236."""	78	"Arhar, J., et al. (2013). """"Creating a """"Third Space"""" in the Context of a University-School Partnership: Supporting Teacher Action Research and the Research Preparation of Doctoral Students."""" Educational Action Research 21(2): 218-236."""""	" The focus of the Education Works Personalization Project was to facilitate teams of teacher action researchers whose goal was to personalize their teaching with the support of university partners including doctoral students in education. The subsequent apprentice-like research experience within this university-school partnership provided an opportunity to study the ways in which teacher action research could serve as a vehicle for bridging the culture gap between schools and universities. Both the research team experience and the development of the school-university inquiry/knowledge network were initially characterized by undefined roles accompanied by ambiguous expectations. Although the ambiguity proved difficult initially, those who persisted and engaged in new roles ultimately found these emerging inquiry communities generative and valuable. We have come to conceptualize these generative inquiry communities as third spaces and we describe how oppositional categories framed by the cultural differences between schools and universities can work together to generate new knowledge. (Contains 1 table.)"""
0	"Arnold, L. D., et al. (2014). A training programme to build cancer research capacity. in low- and middle-income countries: findings from Guatemala."" Bulletin of the World Health Organization 92(4): 297-302."""	79	"Arnold, L. D., et al. (2014). """"A training programme to build cancer research capacity. in low- and middle-income countries: findings from Guatemala."""" Bulletin of the World Health Organization 92(4): 297-302."""""	" Problem Guatemala is experiencing an increasing burden of cancer but lacks capacity for cancer prevention, control and research. Approach In partnership with a medical school in the United States of America, a multidisciplinary Cancer Control Research Training Institute was developed at the Instituto de Cancerlogia (INCAN) in Guatemala City. This institute provided a year-long training programme for clinicians that focused on research methods in population health and sociocultural anthropology. The programme included didactic experiences in Guatemala and the United States as well as-applied training in which participants developed research protocols responsive to Guatemala's cancer needs. Local setting Although INCAN is the point of referral and service for Guatemala's cancer patients, the institute's administration is also interested in increasing cancer research with a focus on population health. INCAN is thus a resource for capacity building within the context of cancer prevention and control. Relevant changes Trainees increased their self-efficacy for the design and conduct of research. Value-added benefits included establishment of an annual cancer seminar and workshops in cancer pathology and qualitative analysis. INCAN has recently incorporated some of the programme's components into its residency training and established a research department. Lessons learnt A training programme for clinicians can-build cancer research capacity in low- and middle-income countries. Training in population-based research methods will enable countries such as Guatemala to gather country-specific data. Once collected, such data can be used to assess the burden of cancer-related disease, guide policy for, reducing it and identify priority areas for cancer prevention and treatment."""
0	"Arsenijevic, J. (2011). Methodology for assessment of knowledge management in higher education institutions."" African Journal of Business Management 5(8): 3168-3178."""	80	"Arsenijevic, J. (2011). """"Methodology for assessment of knowledge management in higher education institutions."""" African Journal of Business Management 5(8): 3168-3178."""""	" Since the introduction of knowledge management in higher education is inevitable due to current social and economic changes in the knowledge economy, research of its presence in higher education institutions is important not only for establishing its current state or for following the progress of its implementation, but also for establishing strong and weak points, predispositions and obstacles of HEIs for its implementation. On the other hand, research of KM in education is a rare, unrelated and occasional effort, small in extent and mostly in a form of case study. This paper presents a methodology for assessment of KM presence in the educational environment and deals with both organizational aspects and an educational process, and it was used at management faculties on the territory of Serbia. In addition to the methodology and possibilities it offers, the paper also presents results and experience gained from its application in actual research. Experience which is presented and transformed into the guidelines for the improvement of the methodology could play an important role in later research, and results could be compared to those already achieved."""
1	"Artail, H. (2008). A methodology for combining development and research in teaching undergraduate software engineering."" International Journal of Engineering Education 24(3): 567-580."""	81	"Artail, H. (2008). """"A methodology for combining development and research in teaching undergraduate software engineering."""" International Journal of Engineering Education 24(3): 567-580."""""	" In the most part, undergraduate students have been participating in research by working on faculty projects through which they primarily contribute to the implementation and testing of algorithms and systems. This paper presents a methodology that focuses on teaching students the skills of doing research. The approach taken is based on integrating a research component into a third-year undergraduate software engineering course. In this particular case, student groups studied a relatively large number of journal papers relating to a specific source software engineering topic in each semester the course was given, generated summaries, came up with ideas for research topics, pursued the research and wrote papers that described their work. We illustrate how the research component was integrated with the other components of the course, namely the software development project and lectures. The paper concludes with an assessment of what students have learned and a summary of the outcomes of the course in addition to the learned lessons."""
0	"Ash, D., et al. (2009). Creating Hybrid Communities Using Inquiry as Professional Development for College Science Faculty."" Journal of College Science Teaching 38(6): 68-76."""	82	"Ash, D., et al. (2009). """"Creating Hybrid Communities Using Inquiry as Professional Development for College Science Faculty."""" Journal of College Science Teaching 38(6): 68-76."""""	" The research reported here documents scientists' changing practices and attitudes concerning college teaching. Graduate students and postdoctoral scientists participated in long-term, inquiry-based teaching professional development while maintaining an ongoing commitment to research science. Data analysis focused on digital recording and transcription of semi-structured interviews of a representative sample of scientists, as well as ethnographic notes, collected over a period of five years. Interview data were analyzed using a newly developed rubric (Practice, Identity, Community Analysis Tool), which allowed the authors to represent qualitative data quantitatively, and, when combined with scientists' in-depth reflections both in the moment and over time, informed the development of a proposed trajectory of change. They posit that scientists co-constructed a hybrid community of practice within which participants moved easily between university research and inquiry science teaching practices. (Contains 2 figures and 2 tables.)"""
0.5	Ashmore, P. and D. Hart (2010). CHALLENGING UNIVERSITY STUDENTS' CONCEPTS ABOUT RACE.	83	Ashmore, P. and D. Hart (2010). CHALLENGING UNIVERSITY STUDENTS' CONCEPTS ABOUT RACE.	" Anthropologists and biologists agree that the concept of biological race cannot be applied to the modem human species, but this fact is not readily available to students in higher education. Conventional ideas and the history of physical anthropology contribute to a lingering belief that the human species can be divided up into groups representative of race and that a number of characteristics are discretely (i.e., in a mutually exclusive way) distributed in each group. Modem science, however, demonstrates that many characteristics are distributed in humankind along a continuum and that typically more variation exists within a traditional racial grouping than exists between them. This chapter documents the development and implementation of inquiry-based university courses in human variation. As anthropologists teaching at an urban university, we determined that instructing students about the science of human variation is of paramount importance. We adopted an inquiry-based learning model for the courses and devised small group laboratory exercises to give students hands-on experience in collecting and analyzing data. Laboratory exercises ranged from investigating the human fossil record to determining the Mendelian genetic make up and measuring the body shape of fellow students. Typically the data do not sort into traditional racial categories. Students are introduced to the process of science and to the existence of the clinal distribution of characteristics historically considered to represent discrete groupings of humans. A pre- and post-course assessment tool is devised, and students (n=116) demonstrate significant changes in content knowledge (T-TEST p<0.01). Individual questions are tested to see if changes in historical race thinking occur. Pre- and post-assessment results document significant shifts in how students conceptualize human variation (p<0.01). Informing students about the science of human variation is a first step in facilitating a critical evaluation of how they view human variation in a variety of contexts."""
0	"Assaraf, O. B.-Z. and N. Orion (2010). System Thinking Skills at the Elementary School Level."" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 47(5): 540-563."""	84	"Assaraf, O. B.-Z. and N. Orion (2010). """"System Thinking Skills at the Elementary School Level."""" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 47(5): 540-563."""""	" This study deals with the development of system thinking skills at the elementary school level. It addresses the question of whether elementary school students can deal with complex systems. The sample included 40 4th grade students from one school in a small town in Israel. The students studied an inquiry-based earth systems curriculum that focuses on the hydro-cycle. The program involved lab simulations and experiments, direct interaction with components and processes of the water cycle in the outdoor learning environment and knowledge integration activities. Despite the students' minimal initial system thinking abilities, most of them made significant progress with their ability to analyze the hydrological earth system to its components and processes. As a result, they recognized interconnections between components of a system. Some of the students reached higher system thinking abilities, such as identifying interrelationships among several earth systems and identifying hidden parts of the hydrological system. The direct contact with real phenomena and processes in small scale scenarios enabled these students to create a concrete local water cycle, which could later be expanded into large scale abstract global cycles. The incorporation of outdoor inquiry-based learning with lab inquiry-based activities and knowledge integration assignments contributed to the 4th grade students' capacity to develop basic system thinking abilities at their young age. This suggests that although system thinking is regarded as a high order thinking skill, it can be developed to a certain extent in elementary school. With a proper long-term curriculum, these abilities can serve as the basis for the development of higher stages of system thinking at the junior-high/middle school level. (Contains 5 tables, 5 figures, and 1 note.)"""
0	"Atar, H. Y. and B. Atar (2012). INVESTIGATING THE MULTILEVEL EFFECTS OF SEVERAL VARIABLES ON TURKISH STUDENTS' SCIENCE ACHIEVEMENTS ON TIMSS."" Journal of Baltic Science Education 11(2): 115-126."""	85	"Atar, H. Y. and B. Atar (2012). """"INVESTIGATING THE MULTILEVEL EFFECTS OF SEVERAL VARIABLES ON TURKISH STUDENTS' SCIENCE ACHIEVEMENTS ON TIMSS."""" Journal of Baltic Science Education 11(2): 115-126."""""	" Two-level hierarchical linear modelling was used to analyse data obtained from TIMSS 1999 database to examine the effect of inquiry-based learning on science achievement of eighth-grade students in Turkey. The influence of teachers' emphasis on scientific reasoning and problem solving and availability of school resources for science instruction on inquiry-based learning and science achievement slopes were also examined. At the student-level, overall plausible values were used as the outcome variable whereas gender, availability of home educational resources, attitude toward science, and inquiry-based learning were predictor variables. At the school level, there were two predictor variables: teachers' emphasis on scientific reasoning and problem solving and availability of school resources for science instruction. While statistically significant and negative relationship was found between inquiry-based learning and within-school science achievement, there were nonsignificant effects of school-level predictors on inquiry-based learning and science achievement slopes."""
0	"Atchison, M. L. (2009). Factors That Attract Veterinarians to or Discourage Them from Research Careers: A Program Director's Perspective."" Journal of Veterinary Medical Education 36(1): 76-82."""	86	"Atchison, M. L. (2009). """"Factors That Attract Veterinarians to or Discourage Them from Research Careers: A Program Director's Perspective."""" Journal of Veterinary Medical Education 36(1): 76-82."""""	" There is a nationwide shortage of veterinarian-scientists in the United States. Barriers to recruiting veterinary students into research careers need to be identified, and mechanisms devised to reduce these barriers. Barriers to attracting veterinary students into research careers include ignorance of available research careers and of the training opportunities. Once admitted, students in research training programs often feel isolated, fitting into neither the veterinary environment nor the research environment. To address the above issues, it is necessary to advertise and educate the public about opportunities for veterinarian-scientists. Schools need to develop high-quality training programs that are well structured but retain appropriate flexibility. Sufficient resources are needed to operate these programs so that students do not graduate with significant debt. A community of veterinarian-scientists needs to be developed so that students do not feel isolated but, rather, are part of a large community of like-minded individuals. Because of the complexities of programs that train veterinarian-scientists, it is necessary to provide extensive advising and for faculty to develop a proactive, servant-leadership attitude. Finally, students must be made aware of career options after graduation."""
0	"Atenas, J., et al. (2015). Open Data as Open Educational Resources: Towards transversal skills and global citizenship."" Open Praxis 7(4): 377-389."""	87	"Atenas, J., et al. (2015). """"Open Data as Open Educational Resources: Towards transversal skills and global citizenship."""" Open Praxis 7(4): 377-389."""""	" Open Data is the name given to datasets which have been generated by international organisations, governments, NGOs and academic researchers, and made freely available online and openly-licensed. These datasets can be used by educators as Open Educational Resources (OER) to support different teaching and learning activities, allowing students to gain experience working with the same raw data researchers and policy-makers generate and use. In this way, educators can facilitate students to understand how information is generated, processed, analysed and interpreted. This paper offers an initial exploration of ways in which the use of Open Data can be key in the development of transversal skills (including digital and data literacies, alongside skills for critical thinking, research, teamwork, and global citizenship), enhancing students' abilities to understand and select information sources, to work with, curate, analyse and interpret data, and to conduct and evaluate research. This paper also presents results of an exploratory survey that can guide further research into Open Data-led learning activities. Our goal is to support educators in empowering students to engage, critically and collaboratively, as 21st century global citizens."""
0	"Atesok, K. I., et al. (2012). Perspective: Integrating Research Into Surgical Residency Education: Lessons Learned From Orthopaedic Surgery."" Academic Medicine 87(5): 592-597."""	88	"Atesok, K. I., et al. (2012). """"Perspective: Integrating Research Into Surgical Residency Education: Lessons Learned From Orthopaedic Surgery."""" Academic Medicine 87(5): 592-597."""""	" Orthopaedic research has advanced tremendously in parallel with accelerated progress in medical science. Possession of a fundamental understanding of basic and clinical science has become more essential than previously for orthopaedic surgeons to be able to translate advances in research into clinical practice. The number of medical graduates with prior education in scientific research who choose to pursue careers in orthopaedic surgery is small. Therefore, it is important that a core of research education be included during residency training to ensure the continued advancement of the clinical practice of orthopaedics. The authors examine some of the challenges to a comprehensive research experience during residency, including deficient priority, inadequate institutional infrastructure, financial strain on residency budgets, restricted time, and an insufficient number of mentors to encourage and guide residents to become clinician-scientists. They also present some strategies to overcome these challenges, including development and expansion of residency programs with clinician-scientist pathways, promotion of financial sources, and enhancement of opportunities for residents to interact with mentors who can serve as role models. Successful integration of research education into residency programs will stimulate future orthopaedic surgeons to develop the critical skills to lead musculoskeletal research, comprehend related discoveries, and translate them into patient care. Lessons learned from incorporating research training within orthopaedic residency programs will have broad application across medical specialties-in both primary and subspecialty patient care."""
0	"Attard, M., et al. (2015). Improving communication between health-care professionals and patients with limited English proficiency in the general practice setting."" Australian Journal of Primary Health 21(1): 96-101."""	89	"Attard, M., et al. (2015). """"Improving communication between health-care professionals and patients with limited English proficiency in the general practice setting."""" Australian Journal of Primary Health 21(1): 96-101."""""	" Quality service provision and patient safety and satisfaction in encounters with health-care professionals relies on effective communication between the practitioner and patient. This study aimed to identify effective practices for improving communication between clinical staff in general practice and patients with limited English proficiency, and to promote their implementation in general practice. Effective interventions and strategies were identified from a review of international research. Experiences with their use in practice were explored via focus group discussions with general practitioners and practice nurses. The results suggest that, wherever possible, communication in the patient's primary language is preferable  use of a qualified medical interpreter should be promoted, and practices should have a standardised and documented procedure for accessing interpreter services. General practice staff must increase their awareness about services that are available to facilitate communication with patients with limited English proficiency, and also develop attitudes, both individual and organisational, that will maximise the effectiveness of these strategies. These findings were used to develop brief, evidence-based practice guidelines that were disseminated to focus group participants for evaluation of utility and general feedback. This evidence-based guidance is now available to assist clinical and administrative general practice staff across regional and metropolitan South Australia."""
0	"Attenborough, K., et al. (2012). Mathematics summer schools for acoustics research training."" Journal of the Acoustical Society of America 131(3): 2532-2538."""	90	"Attenborough, K., et al. (2012). """"Mathematics summer schools for acoustics research training."""" Journal of the Acoustical Society of America 131(3): 2532-2538."""""	" Mathematical methods are important for research in many aspects of acoustics. Most researchers in acoustics in the United Kingdom do not have access to master level courses to broaden their postgraduate study, so they advance their fundamental mathematical methodologies taught at undergraduate level through independent learning. They develop their mathematical skills as appropriate rather than being made aware of the potential of advanced mathematical tools at the onset of their research career. Attempts to improve this situation were made through summer schools held in 2003 and 2005 at Southampton University and in 2007 at Salford University. The background to these Summer Schools, their content and structure, recruitment figures and student feedback are reported together with conclusions about their performance and role particularly in respect of PhD completion.(C) 2012 Acoustical Society of America. [DOI: 10.1121/1.3676731]"""
0	"Atukorala, K. R., et al. (2012). Medical student research output in a developing country: Where has all the research gone?"" Medical Teacher 34(11): 998-998."""	91	"Atukorala, K. R., et al. (2012). """"Medical student research output in a developing country: Where has all the research gone?"""" Medical Teacher 34(11): 998-998."""""	" The Faculty of Medicine, University of Colombo (FMC) and Faculty of Medicine, University of Kelaniya (FMK), Sri Lanka, have compulsory community research projects for students. We conducted a descriptive cross sectional study in mid 2011 among students who had completed their end of course examinations in 2010. A self administered questionnaire was used for data collection. Student research is biased towards hospital based studies and there is a dearth in basic sciences studies, experimental and laboratory studies. The compulsory research program ensures research experience but it needs a parallel process to achieve a higher rate of publication. The process of publishing needs an integration of specific research skills training. This is especially true for Sri Lanka where English is not the first language. Though many did not favor for a career in research, students who have an aptitude for research should be encouraged towards a research career. Student research should have a definitive time line and framework for submissions for communications and indexed journals. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Au, A. H. Y., et al. (2011). Development and pilot‐testing of a decision aid for use among Chinese women facing breast cancer surgery."" Health Expectations: An International Journal of Public Participation in Health Care & Health Policy 14(4): 405-416."""	92	"Au, A. H. Y., et al. (2011). """"Development and pilot‐testing of a decision aid for use among Chinese women facing breast cancer surgery."""" Health Expectations: An International Journal of Public Participation in Health Care & Health Policy 14(4): 405-416."""""	" Background Women choosing breast cancer surgery encounter treatment decision‐making (TDM) difficulties, which can cause psychological distress. Decision Aids (DAs) may facilitate TDM, but there are no DAs designed for Chinese populations. We developed a DA for Chinese women newly diagnosed with breast cancer, for use during the initial surgical consultation. Aims Conduct a pilot study to assess the DA acceptability and utility among Chinese women diagnosed with breast cancer. Methods Women preferred the DA in booklet format. A booklet was developed and revised and evaluated in two consecutive pilot studies (P1 and P2). On concluding their initial diagnostic consultation, 95 and 38 Chinese women newly diagnosed with breast cancer received the draft and revised draft DA booklet, respectively. Four‐day post‐consultation, women had questionnaires read out to them and to which they responded assessing attitudes towards the DA and their understanding of treatment options. Results The original DA was read/partially read by 66/22% (n = 84) of women, whilst the revised version was read/partially read by 74/16% (n = 35), including subliterate women (χ2 = 0.76, P = 0.679). Knowledge scores varied with the extent the booklet was read (P1: F = 12.68, d.f. 2, P < 0.001  P2: F = 3.744, d.f. 2, P = 0.034). The revised, shorter version was graphically rich and resulted in improved perceived utility, [except for the ‘treatment options’ (χ2 = 5.50, P = 0.019) and ‘TDM guidance’ (χ2 = 8.19, P = 0.004) sections] without increasing anxiety (F = 0.689, P = 0.408  F = 3.45, P = 0.073). Conclusion The DA was perceived as acceptable and useful for most women. The DA effectiveness is currently being evaluated using a randomized controlled trial. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"August-Brady, M. and P. Adamshick (2013). Oh, the Things You Will Learn: Taking Undergraduate Research to the Homeless Shelter."" Journal of Nursing Education 52(6): 342-345."""	93	"August-Brady, M. and P. Adamshick (2013). """"Oh, the Things You Will Learn: Taking Undergraduate Research to the Homeless Shelter."""" Journal of Nursing Education 52(6): 342-345."""""	" Teaching research to undergraduate students has been described as a challenge. This article describes how a small group of students participated in a service-learning research project that culminated in the development of an educational intervention for volunteers who staff homeless shelters in the local community. By interacting with the homeless population and the volunteer staff who provide their care, students developed a greater understanding of the needs of the homeless, recognized some mental health disorders, and interacted with volunteer staff to assess their educational needs. Students were able to learn the research process through their participation in this collaborative project. The students' learning exceeded typical outcomes, as they displayed leadership skills and advocacy in areas of social justice and made compassionate connections with this vulnerable population. These students also forged new territory for future students who will be working with homeless populations and those who minister to them."""
0	"Avsec, S. and S. Kocijancic (2014). Effectiveness of Inquiry-Based Learning: How do Middle School Students Learn to Maximise the Efficacy of a Water Turbine?"" International Journal of Engineering Education 30(6): 1436-1449."""	95	"Avsec, S. and S. Kocijancic (2014). """"Effectiveness of Inquiry-Based Learning: How do Middle School Students Learn to Maximise the Efficacy of a Water Turbine?"""" International Journal of Engineering Education 30(6): 1436-1449."""""	" Inquiry-based learning (IBL) is an inductive pedagogy that best enables learners to construct knowledge, to develop high level reasoning skills, and to increase interest and learning motivation with the use of the contemporary technology-based learning environments. In IBL, students' self-directed learning is centred on multi-parametric problems that do not have a single correct answer, but they need to find the most desirable behaviour/attitude. Therefore, clear evidence of IBL heterogeneous learning achievements measurement, based on reliable and valid instrument, is still lacking. This paper describes the design and experience of the new student-centred IBL model of open learning at the technology education course, which enables a high level of active self-directed learning. In a treatment group were ninety-one students who experienced IBL in a three-day course activity, while in the control group were three hundred and thirty students. Identical forms of technological literacy tests were carried out as pre- and post-tests. Quantitative research methodology was used to analyse the collected data. The multifaceted nature of IBL and its impact were successfully measured with a technological literacy test. The findings of this study showed that IBL is an effective teaching approach in technology education. The effect size was judged to be large and positive in technological knowledge acquisition, in problem-solving skills development, and in critical thinking and decision-making abilities development. A proposed model suits both females and male students equally. Therefore, a high possibility exists for the use of the new IBL model for technology education."""
0.5	"Avsec, S. and S. Kocijancic (2016). A Path Model of Effective Technology-Intensive Inquiry-Based Learning."" Educational Technology & Society 19(1): 308-320."""	96	"Avsec, S. and S. Kocijancic (2016). """"A Path Model of Effective Technology-Intensive Inquiry-Based Learning."""" Educational Technology & Society 19(1): 308-320."""""	" Individual aptitude, attitudes, and behavior in inquiry-based learning (IBL) settings may affect work and learning performance outcomes during activities using different technologies. To encourage multifaceted learning, factors in IBL settings must be statistically significant and effective, and not cognitively or psychomotor intensive. We addressed these questions in a study of 421 students from 11 Slovenian middle schools using an experimental design. Learning achievements were measured by pre- and post-test, while IBL experiences and perceptions were surveyed in a one-shot study. IBL and its effects were successfully measured with a reliable technological literacy test. We designed a path model to capture the effects from multiple interferers. Course content was the most decisive influential factor, with strong impacts on learning achievements, satisfaction, and perceived course intensity. Prior knowledge and capacity, which affects IBL and decreases its psychomotor intensity, was a surprisingly strong influence. IBL had a large, positive effect on technological knowledge and the development of problem solving, critical thinking, and decision-making abilities. The study findings showed that the proposed IBL model is an effective teaching approach in technology-intensive education."""
0	"Avsec, S., et al. (2016). The Impact of Robotics-Enhanced Approach on Students' Satisfaction in Open Learning Environment."" International Journal of Engineering Education 32(2): 804-817."""	97	"Avsec, S., et al. (2016). """"The Impact of Robotics-Enhanced Approach on Students' Satisfaction in Open Learning Environment."""" International Journal of Engineering Education 32(2): 804-817."""""	" The purpose of the paper is to investigate whether a technology-intensive open learning that promotes constructivist approach has a significant effect on the student satisfaction, cognitive load, and psychomotor difficulty of the robotics course. A technology-intensive course must address the following outcomes: demonstrate a sound understanding of several technology concepts, systems, and operations, use a variety of technologies to access, evaluate, collect, and manage data, information, and datasets, understand the impact of technology on themselves and their culture, environment, and society, and practice legal and ethical behavior in the context of technology. For this purpose, four cohorts of middle school students were recruited (n = 267). Two consecutive robotics-enhanced Summer School 2012 and Summer School 2013 were organized with experiential learning cycle followed by two consecutive performance of open learning of robotics at Technology Days, performed in 2014 and in 2015, using inquiry-based learning method in real-classroom settings. Open learning of robotics refers to minimal constraints on access, pace and method of study where direct manipulation environments are used very often to increase student success. Technology Days as compulsory part of curriculum are aimed to develop positive attitude towards technology and to advance technological literacy using mostly inductive strategies and approaches to learning. Multivariate analysis of covariance and regression analysis were performed to determine the contribution of predictor variables to students' cognitive, emotional and behavioural course outcomes as the important outcomes that influence a success of instructional intervention and the decision to continue or drop-out of a course. The results showed that composite variable of learning environment was a good predictor of student satisfaction and psychomotor easiness  learning material improves processing fluency  self-efficacy predicts satisfaction while self-regulated learning enables psychomotor easiness. Surprisingly, interactions among students and content did not significantly contribute to the predication of student satisfaction, nor to perceived course easiness. Additionally, experiential learning facilitates cognitive processing fluency, considering joint effects with variable of sex seemed to have influence on student satisfaction. The results of the study suggest to influence students' motivation and goals by adapting instruction accordingly."""
0	"Awaisu, A., et al. (2015). Hospital pharmacists' self-evaluation of their competence and confidence in conducting pharmacy practice research."" Saudi Pharmaceutical Journal 23(3): 257-265."""	98	"Awaisu, A., et al. (2015). """"Hospital pharmacists' self-evaluation of their competence and confidence in conducting pharmacy practice research."""" Saudi Pharmaceutical Journal 23(3): 257-265."""""	" Objectives: Research is essential to the advancement of pharmacy practice and healthcare. Pharmacists have a pivotal role to play in this strategy. However, there is a paucity of data about hospital pharmacists' competence and ability in conducting health-related research. This study primarily aims to determine the research demographics of hospital pharmacists in Qatar and to assess the pharmacists' perceptions of their competence and confidence to conduct research. Methods: A multi-centered survey using a 70-item piloted questionnaire was conducted among a randomly selected sample of pharmacists practicing at seven Hamad Medical Corporation-managed hospitals. Both descriptive and inferential statistical analyses were applied using IBM-SPSS (R) version 20. Key findings: A total of 120 participants responded to the survey (67% response rate). About 70% of the participants did not have any previous research experience. At least 20% of the respondents self-reported inadequate competence and/or confidence in developing research protocols, critically appraising the literature, undertaking and applying appropriate statistical techniques, and interpreting research findings. The level of education along with the current hospital of practice had significant effects on pharmacists' self-assessed competence (p < 0.05). Overall, 85% of the participants were interested in pursuing postgraduate studies or research-related training. Conclusions: A large proportion of hospital pharmacists in Qatar self-assessed themselves as having deficiencies in several domains of research process or competencies, although they recognized the value of research in advancing pharmacy practice. These findings have important implications for developing informal research training programs and promoting the pursuit of formal postgraduate programs to bridge the knowledge gaps found among hospital-practicing pharmacists. (C) 2014 The Authors. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of King Saud University."""
0	"Awaisu, A., et al. (2015). Impact of a pharmacy practice research capacity-building programme on improving the research abilities of pharmacists at two specialised tertiary care hospitals in Qatar: a preliminary study."" Journal of Pharmaceutical Health Services Research 6(3): 155-164."""	99	"Awaisu, A., et al. (2015). """"Impact of a pharmacy practice research capacity-building programme on improving the research abilities of pharmacists at two specialised tertiary care hospitals in Qatar: a preliminary study."""" Journal of Pharmaceutical Health Services Research 6(3): 155-164."""""	" Objectives The aim of this study was to develop and implement a pharmacy practice research training programme and to determine the effect of the programme on pharmacists' knowledge of, and attitudes towards, research. Methods An intensive 26-h training programme on pharmacy practice research methodology and biostatistics was designed and delivered. Thirty pharmacists from the National Center for Cancer Care and Research and the Heart Hospital in Qatar were recruited. A pre-test-post-test study design was used to subjectively and objectively assess research competencies and attitudes among the trainees. Both descriptive and inferential analyses including Wilcoxon signed-rank, McNemar chi(2) and paired t-tests were performed to assess the utility of the training (P < 0.05 was considered statistically significant). Key findings After completing the training sessions, all subjectively assessed research-related skills were significantly improved (P < 0.05). This was also confirmed with an overall significant improvement in the objectively assessed research-related knowledge (P < 0.05). Overall, there was a significant improvement in the mean total knowledge score after the training programme (13.4 +/- 6.4 versus 20 +/- 6.0  P < 0.001). A modest change was observed when attitude towards research was assessed immediately after the training. Conclusions This study demonstrated that it was feasible to design and implement a pharmacy-tailored research training programme and that such programme could improve pharmacists' knowledge and attitude on short term. This pilot study calls for further research to investigate the long-term outcomes of such programmes."""
0.5	"Azer, S. A., et al. (2013). Introducing integrated laboratory classes in a PBL curriculum: impact on student's learning and satisfaction."" Bmc Medical Education 13."""	100	"Azer, S. A., et al. (2013). """"Introducing integrated laboratory classes in a PBL curriculum: impact on student's learning and satisfaction."""" Bmc Medical Education 13."""""	" Background: With the introduction of integrated problem- based learning (PBL) program in the medical curriculum, there is a need to create laboratory classes that suit students' learning needs and the changes introduced to the curriculum. This paper outlines the development and implementation of four integrated laboratory classes (ILCs) at King Saud University College of Medicine. It also examines whether core concepts addressed in these classes were learned and retained and how the students perceived the ILCs. Methods: ILCs are based on enhancing enquiry-based learning, and encouraging students to work on tasks in small groups (apply and integrate knowledge from biochemistry, pathology and microbiology) and conduct a laboratory procedure (practical part). In two of these ILCs, a pretest comprising 15 multiple-choice questions were administrated at the start of the class and an identical posttest was administrated at the end of these classes. Performance of the students in the Objective Structured Practical Examination (OSPE) at the end of the blocks was also evaluated. Students' perceptions were evaluated using a questionnaire completed at the end of each class. Results: A total of 247, 252, 238, and 244 students participated in practical classes covering cerebrospinal fluid infection, small intestine, liver function tests and adrenal gland function, respectively. Students got higher scores in posttests compared to pre-test scores in two classes (12.68 +/- 2.03 vs 6.58 +/- 3.39 and 13.02 +/- 2.03 vs 7.43 +/- 2.68, respectively). Paired t-test showed that the difference was significant (P < 0.001) in both tests. The mean scores of students in stations dealing with ILCs at the end of the block examinations were not significantly different from the mean scores for other stations not related to ILCs. The questionnaire indicated that most students expressed positive attitude towards working on tasks and applying knowledge learnt. Students also felt that conducting laboratory procedures and interpreting laboratory findings were valuable to their learning. Conclusions: Given the increase in the posttest scores (short-term retention) and the satisfactory performance of students at the end of block examinations (long-term retention) together with the students' satisfaction, the study suggests that the core concepts addressed in these classes were learned and retained."""
0	"Bäck‐Pettersson, S., et al. (2013). Nurses' experiences of participation in a research and development programme."" Journal of Clinical Nursing 22(7-8): 1103-1111."""	104	"Bäck‐Pettersson, S., et al. (2013). """"Nurses' experiences of participation in a research and development programme."""" Journal of Clinical Nursing 22(7-8): 1103-1111."""""	" Aims and objectives: To describe clinical nurses’ experience of participating in a Research and Development (R&D) programme and its influence on their research interest and ability to conduct and apply nursing research. Background: To stimulate nurses’ research interest and to overcome barriers for building research capacity in nursing, there is a need for sustainable research programmes. A two-year programme was designed for nurses, to take part in both an academic education for master and research seminars and workshops to conduct a research project from idea to publication. Design: A qualitative approach using using focus group interviews. Methods: Registered nurses (n = 12) with a bachelor’s degree in nursing, participated. Data were collected in focus group interviews, after one year and when the programme ended. Content analysis was used to analyse the data. Results: The findings consist of two themes: being a traveller in the world of nursing research, which included three categories, and experiencing professional growth as a result of nursing research training, in both cases focusing on the experience of students involved in a cohesive programme which included four categories: discovering new dimensions of clinical nursing practice  selected and confirmed  supported by professional others  development of professional self-concept. Conclusions: To support early career researchers, there is a need for strong leadership, an organisational and supportive infrastructure underpinning research capability building in nurses. In this context, research strategies, programmes and collaboration between leaders of academia and clinical institutions appear to be essential. Relevance to clinical practice: The R&D programme illustrates an effective way of stimulating nurses’ lifelong learning by building the capacity to conduct and apply nursing research in clinical practice. The structure of the programme can be used as a model in other contexts. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Bacchetti, P. (2010). Current sample size conventions: Flaws, harms, and alternatives."" Bmc Medicine 8."""	101	"Bacchetti, P. (2010). """"Current sample size conventions: Flaws, harms, and alternatives."""" Bmc Medicine 8."""""	" Background: The belief remains widespread that medical research studies must have statistical power of at least 80% in order to be scientifically sound, and peer reviewers often question whether power is high enough. Discussion: This requirement and the methods for meeting it have severe flaws. Notably, the true nature of how sample size influences a study's projected scientific or practical value precludes any meaningful blanket designation of <80% power as ""inadequate"""". In addition, standard calculations are inherently unreliable, and focusing only on power neglects a completed study's most important results: estimates and confidence intervals. Current conventions harm the research process in many ways: promoting misinterpretation of completed studies, eroding scientific integrity, giving reviewers arbitrary power, inhibiting innovation, perverting ethical standards, wasting effort, and wasting money. Medical research would benefit from alternative approaches, including established value of information methods, simple choices based on cost or feasibility that have recently been justified, sensitivity analyses that examine a meaningful array of possible findings, and following previous analogous studies. To promote more rational approaches, research training should cover the issues presented here, peer reviewers should be extremely careful before raising issues of """"inadequate"""" sample size, and reports of completed studies should not discuss power. Summary: Common conventions and expectations concerning sample size are deeply flawed, cause serious harm to the research process, and should be replaced by more rational alternatives."""""
0	Bachmann, C. (2014). CAN PRACTICAL WISDOM BE TAUGHT IN BUSINESS SCHOOLS? AN INQUIRY-BASED LEARNING APPROACH FOR MANAGEMENT EDUCATION. Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 2: 277-302.	102	Bachmann, C. (2014). CAN PRACTICAL WISDOM BE TAUGHT IN BUSINESS SCHOOLS? AN INQUIRY-BASED LEARNING APPROACH FOR MANAGEMENT EDUCATION. Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 2: 277-302.	" Dealing with the issue of ""Can practical wisdom be taught in business schools?,"""" in this chapter, I argue for an inquiry-based learning approach as a way of improving today's management education. Following along these lines, I initially focus on the current criticism of today's management education in business schools. Then, I provide an introduction into the recent interest in the topic of practical wisdom by management scholars that emerged as part of an effort to overcome these failures of business schools. These attempts, however, remain on a rather vague or theoretical level and are lacking helpful guidance on how universities might implement this concept into their educational offerings. In order to remedy these shortcomings, I introduce a competency-based three-pillar model of practical wisdom and combine it with an inquiry-based learning approach. A comprehensive scheme highlights how the particular competencies of practical wisdom can be fostered over the successive stages of the inquiry process. Most importantly, by describing a MA-thesis program as a successful example of these ideas in application, I provide concrete suggestions of how to facilitate the growth of practically wise competencies by means of an inquiry-based learning approach."""""
0	"Bachtrog, D., et al. (2014). Sex determination: Why so many ways of doing it?"" PLoS Biology 12(7)."""	103	"Bachtrog, D., et al. (2014). """"Sex determination: Why so many ways of doing it?"""" PLoS Biology 12(7)."""""	" Sexual reproduction is an ancient feature of life on earth, and the familiar X and Y chromosomes in humans and other model species have led to the impression that sex determination mechanisms are old and conserved. In fact, males and females are determined by diverse mechanisms that evolve rapidly in many taxa. Yet this diversity in primary sex-determining signals is coupled with conserved molecular pathways that trigger male or female development. Conflicting selection on different parts of the genome and on the two sexes may drive many of these transitions, but few systems with rapid turnover of sex determination mechanisms have been rigorously studied. Here we survey our current understanding of how and why sex determination evolves in animals and plants and identify important gaps in our knowledge that present exciting research opportunities to characterize the evolutionary forces and molecular pathways underlying the evolution of sex determination. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Bacon, K. and P. Matthews (2014). Inquiry-Based Learning with Young Learners: A Peirce-Based Model Employed to Critique a Unit of Inquiry on Maps and Mapping."" Irish Educational Studies 33(4): 351-365."""	105	"Bacon, K. and P. Matthews (2014). """"Inquiry-Based Learning with Young Learners: A Peirce-Based Model Employed to Critique a Unit of Inquiry on Maps and Mapping."""" Irish Educational Studies 33(4): 351-365."""""	" Inquiry-based learning (IBL) has become a common theme in both school and higher education in recent years. It suggests a model of curriculum development and practice that moves educational debate beyond teacher or student-based approaches towards a model of teaching and learning in which the endeavour is shared. This paper discusses an investigation into the practice of IBL among primary schoolchildren in the setting of the Primary Years Programme of the International Baccalaureate. Three ideas from the work of the philosopher C.S. Peirce are used to provide an epistemological base for analysing the pedagogical practice of IBL: semiotics, reasoning and community of inquiry. Findings are presented under these three headings to illustrate the potency of Peirce's conceptualisation of learning. Drawing in particular on findings from a unit of inquiry on maps and mapping, it suggests an empirical frame for IBL for the use of teachers in the development and assessment of IBL."""
0	Baek, J., et al. (2015). Authentic Thinking with Argumentation: Putting on the Thinking Caps of Scientists and Designers. Authentic Problem Solving and Learning in the 21st Century: Perspectives from Singapore and Beyond. Y. H. Cho, I. S. Caleon and M. Kapur: 173-191.	106	Baek, J., et al. (2015). Authentic Thinking with Argumentation: Putting on the Thinking Caps of Scientists and Designers. Authentic Problem Solving and Learning in the 21st Century: Perspectives from Singapore and Beyond. Y. H. Cho, I. S. Caleon and M. Kapur: 173-191.	" A growing number of science educators make efforts to facilitate participation in authentic practices, such as scientific experiment and inquiry-based learning. In science education, integrating guided inquiry with engineering and technology can provide learners with opportunities to apply scientific concepts and principles to the design of artifacts and generate meaningful questions for scientific inquiry. Argumentation plays a crucial role in both science inquiry and design activities. Learners need to create, compare, and evaluate arguments so as to explain scientific phenomena and design an artifact for solving a real-world problem. This chapter provides a conceptual framework that can be used in the development of learning environments for authentic thinking with argumentation (ATA). The ATA model is carefully designed to promote students' competence in argumentation, in conjunction with the implementation of inquiry and design-based activities. The ATA consists of two main activities, POE (prediction-observation-explanation) and DOE (design-observation-evaluation), which reciprocally influence each other."""
0	"Bahbah, S., et al. (2013). The Influence of RET's on Elementary and Secondary Grade Teachers' Views of Scientific Inquiry."" International Education Studies 6(1): 117-131."""	107	"Bahbah, S., et al. (2013). """"The Influence of RET's on Elementary and Secondary Grade Teachers' Views of Scientific Inquiry."""" International Education Studies 6(1): 117-131."""""	" This study explores in-service elementary and secondary science teachers' conceptions of the Nature of Scientific Inquiry and the influence of participation in two different Research Experience for Teacher (RET) programs had on these conceptions. Participant teachers attended one of two six week RET programs in which they worked with scientists to engage in scientific inquiry. Before and after the RETs, teachers completed the Views of Scientific Inquiry (VOSI) questionnaire. Teachers' answers were analyzed to determine the degree of sophistication of their understanding of five facets of scientific inquiry. Both elementary and secondary teacher participants showed improvement in their understanding of nature of scientific inquiry as a result of program participation, and both programs were successful in supporting the development of inquiry conceptions, although secondary science teachers started and finished the RET's with a more sophisticated understandings of scientific inquiry. Areas of improvement for elementary teachers included the role of questions in science and the role subjectivity and creativity play in the processes of science, and for secondary teachers growth was seen in the role of questions, the relationship of data and evidence, the distinction of experiments and other means of investigations, and the varied methods of science. Implications of these results are discussed."""
0	"Bai, J., et al. (2014). Unusual Formation of ZnCo2O4 3D Hierarchical Twin Microspheres as a High-Rate and Ultralong-Life Lithium-Ion Battery Anode Material."" Advanced Functional Materials 24(20): 3012-3020."""	108	"Bai, J., et al. (2014). """"Unusual Formation of ZnCo2O4 3D Hierarchical Twin Microspheres as a High-Rate and Ultralong-Life Lithium-Ion Battery Anode Material."""" Advanced Functional Materials 24(20): 3012-3020."""""	" A facile two-step strategy involving a polyol method and subsequent thermal annealing treatment is successfully developed for the large-scale preparation of ZnCo2O4 various hierarchical micro/nanostructures (twin mcrospheres and microcubes) without surfactant assistance. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first report on the synthesis of ZnCo2O4 mesoporous twin microspheres and microcubes. More significantly, based on the effect of the reaction time on the morphology evolution of the precursor, a brand-new crystal growth mechanism, multistep splitting then in situ dissolution recrystallization accompanied by morphology and phase change, is first proposed to understand the formation of the 3D twin microshperes, providing new research opportunity for investigating the formation of novel micro/nanostructures. When evaluated as anode materials for lithium-ion batteries (LIBs), ZnCo2O4 hierarchical microstructures exhibit superior capacity retention, excellent cycling stability at the 5 A g-1 rate for 2000 cycles. Surprisingly, the ZnCo2O4 twin microspheres show an exceptionally high rate capability up to the 10 A g-1 rate. It should be noted that such super-high rate performance and cycling stability at such high charge/discharge rates are significantly higher than most work previously reported on ZnCo2O4 micro/nanostructures and ZnCo2O4-based heterostructures. The ZnCo2O4 3D hierarchical micro/nanostructures demonstrate the great potential as negative electrode materials for high-performance LIBs."""
1	"Bailey, B., et al. (2012). The Effect of a Modified Moore Method on Attitudes and Beliefs in Precalculus."" School Science and Mathematics 112(6): 377-383."""	109	"Bailey, B., et al. (2012). """"The Effect of a Modified Moore Method on Attitudes and Beliefs in Precalculus."""" School Science and Mathematics 112(6): 377-383."""""	" As part of a study on the effects of teaching with a Modified Moore Method (MMM), a survey containing 20 items from Schoenfeld's (1989) investigation of attitudes and beliefs about mathematics was administered to students in undergraduate precalculus classes. The study included one section of precalculus taught with an MMM, a student-centered and inquiry-based teaching method, and two sections taught using traditional lecture methods. The survey was administered one week into the semester, following the drop/add date, and during the last week of classes. In this paper, we discuss the findings of the attitudes and beliefs portions of the survey and correlations with scores on a common final exam. We looked for differences between the MMM and traditional sections as well as gender differences. There were only a few differences in the attitudes and beliefs among the students, although there were more changes for females than males and all the significant differences were positive. The correlation between attitudes and beliefs and final exam scores was much stronger in the traditionally taught classes than in the MMM class. When separated by gender, only the reported attitudes and beliefs of the females in the traditional class significantly correlated with final exam scores. (Contains 4 tables.)"""
0	"Baillie, C. and V. Remenda (2007). Education for sustainability."" Journal of Biobased Materials and Bioenergy 1(1): 163-170."""	110	"Baillie, C. and V. Remenda (2007). """"Education for sustainability."""" Journal of Biobased Materials and Bioenergy 1(1): 163-170."""""	" Courses which are intended to help students learn 'attitudes' or ways of thinking, as well as or instead of the more common 'knowledge' and 'skills,' are notoriously difficult to get right-particularly for younger students. Most courses relating to environmental issues or sustainability are electives within general science or engineering programs or they are within specialized environmental degree programs. In this paper, we examine two compulsory core courses designed to help students develop an appreciation of sustainability of the environment, one within a common first-year program of 600 students and one within a second-year geological engineering program of 35 students. In the first-year course, the sustainability component is situated within a course on 'Professional Skills,' which is taught in an innovative week-long intensive module. Students in this course have difficulties with the teaching and learning approach as much as with the subject matter. In the second-year course the main focus is on sustainability and the environment, taught using enquiry-based learning, a similar, interactive, innovative approach. In this course students respond much better to the concepts and appear to enhance or transform their perspectives. Students may be considered to pass through a 'threshold! We examine the factors which seem to prevent students from passing through the threshold and consider possible strategies for aiding the pathway."""
0	"Baker, C. N., et al. (2015). Teacher (mis)perceptions of preschoolers’ academic skills: Predictors and associations with longitudinal outcomes."" Journal of Educational Psychology 107(3): 805-820."""	111	"Baker, C. N., et al. (2015). """"Teacher (mis)perceptions of preschoolers’ academic skills: Predictors and associations with longitudinal outcomes."""" Journal of Educational Psychology 107(3): 805-820."""""	" Preschool teachers have important impacts on children’s academic outcomes, and teachers’ misperceptions of children’s academic skills could have negative consequences, particularly for low-income preschoolers. This study utilized data gathered from 123 preschool teachers and their 760 preschoolers from 70 low-income, racially diverse centers. Hierarchical linear modeling was utilized to account for the nested data structure. Even after controlling for children’s actual academic skill, older children, children with stronger social skills, and children with fewer inattentive symptoms were perceived to have stronger academic abilities. Contrary to hypotheses, preschoolers with more behavior problems were perceived by teachers to have significantly better pre-academic abilities than they actually had. Teachers’ perceptions were not associated with child gender or child race/ethnicity. Although considerable variability was due to teacher-level characteristics, child characteristics explained 42% of the variability in teachers’ perceptions about children’s language and preliteracy ability and 41% of the variability in teachers’ perceptions about math ability. Notably, these perceptions appear to have important impacts over time. Controlling for child baseline academic skill and child characteristics, teacher perceptions early in the preschool year were significantly associated with child academic outcomes during the spring both for language and preliteracy and for math. Study implications with regard to the achievement gap are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Baker, L. R., et al. (2011). Assessing student perception of practice evaluation knowledge in introductory research methods."" Journal of Social Work Education 47(3): 555-564."""	112	"Baker, L. R., et al. (2011). """"Assessing student perception of practice evaluation knowledge in introductory research methods."""" Journal of Social Work Education 47(3): 555-564."""""	" The authors explored the use of the Practice Evaluation Knowledge Scale (PEKS) to assess student perception of acquisition and retention of practice evaluation knowledge from an undergraduate research methods class. The authors sampled 2 semesters of undergraduate social work students enrolled in an introductory research methods course. Thirty-four students completed PEKS prior to the course (T1) and at the conclusion of the course (T2). Finally, 25 students completed PEKS 2 semesters after course completion (T3). Significant differences with small to medium effect sizes were found between T1 and T2 scores and T1 and T3 scores. Findings indicate that the scale may be a useful tool in assessing perception of knowledge acquisition and retention within this population. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Baker, V. L., et al. (2015). Faculty as Mentors in Undergraduate Research, Scholarship, and Creative Work: Motivating and Inhibiting Factors."" Mentoring & Tutoring: Partnership in Learning 23(5): 394-410."""	113	"Baker, V. L., et al. (2015). """"Faculty as Mentors in Undergraduate Research, Scholarship, and Creative Work: Motivating and Inhibiting Factors."""" Mentoring & Tutoring: Partnership in Learning 23(5): 394-410."""""	" In this study, we sought to contribute to research about the high-impact practice of undergraduate research from the understudied faculty perspective. We relied on focus group data from faculty members (N = 41) across five institutions to better understand the supporting and inhibiting factors that contribute to faculty members' engagement in mentoring undergraduate research. We offer implications for research and practice."""
0	"Bakken, L. L., et al. (2010). Effects of an Educational Intervention on Female Biomedical Scientists' Research Self-Efficacy."" Advances in Health Sciences Education 15(2): 167-183."""	114	"Bakken, L. L., et al. (2010). """"Effects of an Educational Intervention on Female Biomedical Scientists' Research Self-Efficacy."""" Advances in Health Sciences Education 15(2): 167-183."""""	" Women and people of color continue to be underrepresented among biomedical researchers to an alarming degree. Research interest and subsequent productivity have been shown to be affected by the research training environment through the mediating effects of research self-efficacy. This article presents the findings of a study to determine whether a short-term research training program coupled with an efficacy enhancing intervention for novice female biomedical scientists of diverse racial backgrounds would increase their research self-efficacy beliefs. Forty-three female biomedical scientists were randomized into a control or intervention group and 15 men participated as a control group. Research self-efficacy significantly increased for women who participated in the self-efficacy intervention workshop. Research self-efficacy within each group also significantly increased following the short-term research training program, but cross-group comparisons were not significant. These findings suggest that educational interventions that target sources of self-efficacy and provide domain-specific learning experiences are effective at increasing research self-efficacy for women and men. Further studies are needed to determine the longitudinal outcomes of this effort."""
0	"Balch, W. E., et al. (2014). Malfolded Protein Structure and Proteostasis in Lung Diseases."" American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine 189(1): 96-103."""	115	"Balch, W. E., et al. (2014). """"Malfolded Protein Structure and Proteostasis in Lung Diseases."""" American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine 189(1): 96-103."""""	" Recent discoveries indicate that disorders of protein folding and degradation play a particularly important role in the development of lung diseases and their associated complications. The overarching purpose of the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute workshop on ""Malformed Protein Structure and Proteostasis in Lung Diseases"""" was to identify mechanistic and clinical research opportunities indicated by these recent discoveries in proteostasis science that will advance our molecular understanding of lung pathobiology and facilitate the development of new diagnostic and therapeutic strategies for the prevention and treatment of lung disease. The workshop's discussion focused on identifying gaps in scientific knowledge with respect to proteostasis and lung disease, discussing new research advances and opportunities in protein folding science, and highlighting novel technologies with potential therapeutic applications for diagnosis and treatment."""""
0	"Ballios, B. G. and N. D. Rosenblum (2014). Challenges Facing Physician Scientist Trainees: a Survey of Trainees in Canada's Largest Undergraduate and Postgraduate Programs in a Single Centre."" Clinical and Investigative Medicine 37(5): E268-E283."""	116	"Ballios, B. G. and N. D. Rosenblum (2014). """"Challenges Facing Physician Scientist Trainees: a Survey of Trainees in Canada's Largest Undergraduate and Postgraduate Programs in a Single Centre."""" Clinical and Investigative Medicine 37(5): E268-E283."""""	" Purpose: A number of indicators suggest that the physician scientist career track is threatened. As such, it is an opportune time to evaluate current training models. Perspectives on physician scientist education and career path were surveyed in trainees at the University of Toronto, home to Canada's longest standing physician scientist training programs. Methods: Trainees from the Clinician Investigator Program (CIP) and MD/PhD Program at the University of Toronto were surveyed. Liekert-style closed-ended questions were used to assess future career goals, present and future perspectives and concerns about and beliefs on training. Demographic information was collected regarding year of study, graduate degree program and focus of clinical and health research. Statistical analysis included non-parametric tests for sub-group comparisons. Results: Both groups of trainees were motivated to pursue a career as a physician scientist. While confident in their decision to begin and complete physician scientist training, they expressed concerns about the level of integration between clinical and research training in the current programs. They also expressed concerns about career outlook, including the ability to find stable and sustainable careers in academic medicine. Trainees highlighted a number of factors, including career mentorship, as essential for career success. Conclusion: These findings indicate that while trainees at different stages consistently express career motivation, they identified concerns that are program-and training stage specific. These concerns mirror those highlighted in the medical education literature regarding threats to the physician scientist career path. Understanding these different and changing perspectives and exploring those differences could form an important basis for trainee program improvements both nationally and internationally."""
0	"Balon, R., et al. (2011). Innovative approach to research training: Research colloquium for junior investigators."" Academic Psychiatry 35(1): 11-14."""	117	"Balon, R., et al. (2011). """"Innovative approach to research training: Research colloquium for junior investigators."""" Academic Psychiatry 35(1): 11-14."""""	" Training future clinical researchers is clearly a critical issue for psychiatry and medicine. How will a new generation of competent researchers be prepared to face these new challenges? Research training should be an essential part of all physician training. Because of the dearth of young investigators in our field, the importance of research training in psychiatry has been a focus of an Institute of Medicine report. The Colloquium for Junior Investigators represents a unique approach to research training at a national and international level. It provides an opportunity for research project evaluation, career advice, cross-pollination, development of research and mentoring contacts, and even an avenue to identify future academic positions. The outcome data suggest that the Colloquium may address some shortcomings in the availability of research training/mentorship for many junior investigators, though the absence of a comparison group does not make definite conclusion possible. However, the Colloquium is certainly not the only way or effort to draw trainees into research as demonstrated by numerous publications on research training. Nevertheless, we hope that the Colloquium can become a template for activities of international organizations such as World Psychiatric Association, Collegium Internationale Neuro-Psychopharmacologicum, and European Psychiatric Association to increase the networking, cross-pollination, and mentorship in research training. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Balster, N., et al. (2010). ""Entering Research"": A Course that Creates Community and Structure for Beginning Undergraduate Researchers in the STEM Disciplines."" CBE - Life Sciences Education 9(2): 108-118."""	118	"Balster, N., et al. (2010). """"""""Entering Research"""": A Course that Creates Community and Structure for Beginning Undergraduate Researchers in the STEM Disciplines."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 9(2): 108-118."""""	" Undergraduate research experiences have been shown to enhance the educational experience and retention of college students, especially those from underrepresented populations. However, many challenges still exist relative to building community among students navigating large institutions. We developed a novel course called ""Entering Research"""" that creates a learning community to support beginning undergraduate researchers and is designed to parallel the """"Entering Mentoring"""" course for graduate students, postdocs, and faculty serving as mentors of undergraduate researchers. The course serves as a model that can be easily adapted for use across the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) disciplines using a readily available facilitator's manual. Course evaluations and rigorous assessment show that the """"Entering Research"""" course helps students in many ways, including finding a mentor, understanding their place in a research community, and connecting their research to their course work in the biological and physical sciences. Students in the course reported statistically significant gains in their skills, knowledge, and confidence as researchers compared with a control group of students, who also were engaged in undergraduate research but not enrolled in this course. In addition, the faculty and staff members who served as facilitators of the """"Entering Research"""" course described their experience as rewarding and one they would recommend to their colleagues. (Contains 8 figures and 1 table.)"""""
0	"Baltes, B., et al. (2010). Students' Research Self-Efficacy during Online Doctoral Research Courses."" Contemporary Issues in Education Research 3(3): 51-58."""	119	"Baltes, B., et al. (2010). """"Students' Research Self-Efficacy during Online Doctoral Research Courses."""" Contemporary Issues in Education Research 3(3): 51-58."""""	" This study will explore student skill development and research self-efficacy as related to online doctoral students' first core research course experience. Findings from this study will be used to inform instructors in effective ways to support doctoral students during their early research experiences. This support will ensure that online graduate students will develop well-crafted dissertations and following graduation, continue to conduct research. The original research design was a grounded theory study where both qualitative and quantitative data were to be collected prior to students starting the course and following course completion. It was proposed to collect data through interviews, observations in the form of documented online discussions and correspondences, and the Research Self-Efficacy Scale (RSES). Course grades and final research outline projects were supposed to be examined to determine student mastery of key concepts. A convenience sample was to be drawn but due to a low response rate, the authors decided to apply an exploratory case study method and use this as a pilot to inform a larger study. The final result of the case study analysis will be detailed descriptions of each case with discussion of categories and themes along with the exploration of commonalities and differences."""
0	"Bang, E. (2013). Hybrid-Mentoring Programs for Beginning Elementary Science Teachers."" International Journal of Education in Mathematics, Science and Technology 1(1): 1-15."""	120	"Bang, E. (2013). """"Hybrid-Mentoring Programs for Beginning Elementary Science Teachers."""" International Journal of Education in Mathematics, Science and Technology 1(1): 1-15."""""	" This study examines four induction models and teacher changes in science teaching practices, as a result of several mentoring programs. It explores three different computer-mediated mentoring programs, and a traditional offline induction program--in terms of interactivity, inquiry-based teaching, and topics of knowledge. Fifteen elementary science teachers--eleven new teachers and four experienced science teachers--were assigned to and participated in, one of the four induction programs for five months: a Virtual Reality (VRG), a Wiki (WKG), a hand-held digital device (HDG), and a general group (GG). Data was collected by archiving written dialogues, snapshots and field notes of avatar interactions, monthly open-ended questionnaires, weekly journal reflections, science lesson plans, mentor/teacher field notes, student artifacts, and video-recording science teaching in classrooms. Using a case study through a time-order display strategy and utilizing situated learning framework, the findings indicate that the beginning teachers in each induction program had their own unique way of professionally interacting with their mentors. Except for the teachers in the GG, the new teachers were able to establish their own platforms for inquiry-based, student-centered teaching, improving not only their pedagogical content knowledge but also their confidence in teaching science. This study further discusses the importance of meaningful social engagements between mentors and mentees, as well as how these social engagements benefit new teachers becoming inquiry-based teachers and developing healthy communities of practice."""
0	"Banister, E. M., et al. (2011). Responding to adolescent women's reproductive health concerns: Empowering clients through health literacy."" Health Care for Women International 32(4): 344-354."""	121	"Banister, E. M., et al. (2011). """"Responding to adolescent women's reproductive health concerns: Empowering clients through health literacy."""" Health Care for Women International 32(4): 344-354."""""	" Adolescents have particular needs in health care that are often not met. Health care providers can help overcome barriers that hinder adolescents' effective use of health services by incorporating health literacy strategies that are developmentally and contextually appropriate, and that actively involve adolescents in their own learning. Based on extensive practice and research experience in Canada with rural and urban high school adolescent women, we offer suggestions for how health care providers can respond to adolescent women's reproductive health concerns by teaching these young women how to increase their skills in functional, communicative/interactive, and critical health literacy. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Bankert, D. A. and M. S. Van Vuuren (2008). Stranger in a Strange Land: The Undergraduate in the Academic Library--A Collaborative Pedagogy for Undergraduate Research."" CEA Forum 37(1): 5."""	122	"Bankert, D. A. and M. S. Van Vuuren (2008). """"Stranger in a Strange Land: The Undergraduate in the Academic Library--A Collaborative Pedagogy for Undergraduate Research."""" CEA Forum 37(1): 5."""""	" This is not another tired lament for a Golden Age when all students were brilliantly prepared for college, but rather an elaboration of a central pedagogical reality the authors had each separately faced--it is not easy to teach the complex set of skills subsumed under the heading ""research,"""" that organic, contingent, messy, recursive series of processes that can test even the most placid patience. This paper describes the story of the authors' collaborative attempt to find an effective way to teach research skills to undergraduates. Its impetus was a May 2006 workshop, Information Literacy for Teaching and Learning, organized by James Madison University Libraries and the Center for Faculty Innovation. The workshop paired reference librarians with faculty from a variety of disciplines""  each pair collaborated on the integration of information literacy into an assignment. This was a modest goal  the authors did not fully anticipate that in achieving it they would also fundamentally revise their pedagogical vision. In creating, piloting, and assessing the assignment featured in this paper, the authors discovered that few beginning (or even advanced) English majors have learned to conduct basic literary research, they desperately desire the skills to do so, and are often profoundly embarrassed to admit they do not already have them."""
0	"Bannon, S. A., et al. (2014). Patient-reported disease knowledge and educational needs in Lynch syndrome: findings of an interactive multidisciplinary patient conference."" Hereditary Cancer in Clinical Practice 12."""	123	"Bannon, S. A., et al. (2014). """"Patient-reported disease knowledge and educational needs in Lynch syndrome: findings of an interactive multidisciplinary patient conference."""" Hereditary Cancer in Clinical Practice 12."""""	" Background: Patients with Lynch Syndrome, the most common hereditary colorectal cancer syndrome, benefit from genetic education and family counseling regarding diagnostic testing and cancer surveillance/prevention recommendations. Although genetic counseling is currently the most common venue where such education and counseling takes place, little is known about the level of disease knowledge and education needs as directly reported by patients and families with Lynch Syndrome. Furthermore, experiences with forums for larger-scale knowledge transfer have been limited in the current literature. Methods: We conducted a one-day interactive multidisciplinary patient conference, designed to complement individual genetic counseling for updating disease knowledge, supportive networking and needs assessment among Lynch Syndrome patients and their family members. The patient conference was designed utilizing the conceptual framework of action research. Paired pre- and post-conference surveys were administered to 44 conference participants anonymously to assess patient-reported disease knowledge and education needs. Results: A multidisciplinary team of expert providers utilized a variety of educational formats during the one-day conference. Four main focus areas were: genetic testing, surveillance/prevention, living with Lynch Syndrome, and update on research. Thirty-two participants (73%) completed the pre-conference, and 28 (64%) participants completed the post-conference surveys. Nineteen respondents were affected and the remaining were unaffected. The scores of the disease-knowledge items significantly increased from 84% pre- to 92% post-conference (p = 0.012). Patients reported a high level of satisfaction and identified further knowledge needs in nutrition (71%), surveillance/prevention options (71%), support groups (36%), cancer risk assessment (32%), active role in medical care (32%), and research opportunities (5%). Conclusion: Our experience with a dedicated patient education conference focused on Lynch Syndrome demonstrated that such an educational format is effective for updating or reinforcing disease knowledge, for identifying patient-reported unmet educational needs, as well as for peer-support."""
0	"Barak, M. (2007). Transition from Traditional to ICT-Enhanced Learning Environments in Undergraduate Chemistry Courses."" Computers and Education 48(1): 30-43."""	124	"Barak, M. (2007). """"Transition from Traditional to ICT-Enhanced Learning Environments in Undergraduate Chemistry Courses."""" Computers and Education 48(1): 30-43."""""	" This paper describes a three-year study conducted among chemistry instructors (professors and teaching assistants) at a post-secondary institution. The goal was to explore the integration process of information and communication technologies (ICT) into traditional teaching. Four undergraduate chemistry courses incorporated a course website, an electronic forum, computerized visualizations, and Web-based projects, into their curriculum. The learning technologies were integrated to enhance inquiry-based learning, visualizations, and knowledge sharing. The current study investigated chemistry instructors' perceptions toward ICT and their activities while practicing the newly introduced technologies. The findings showed that integrating new practices is a phase-dependent process that consists of promises as well as complexities. Four transition steps were found to characterize the integration of ICT-learning environments: non-active, support-dependant, partial-independant, and total-independant. Findings indicated that the transition from traditional to ICT-enhanced learning environments involves ambivalent feelings and dichotomy among instructors."""
0	"Barber, M., et al. (2015). The persistence of subsistence: qualitative social-ecological modeling of indigenous aquatic hunting and gathering in tropical Australia."" Ecology and Society 20(1)."""	125	"Barber, M., et al. (2015). """"The persistence of subsistence: qualitative social-ecological modeling of indigenous aquatic hunting and gathering in tropical Australia."""" Ecology and Society 20(1)."""""	" Subsistence remains critical to indigenous people in settler-colonial states such as Australia, providing key foundations for indigenous identities and for wider state recognition. However, the drivers of contemporary subsistence are rarely fully articulated and analyzed in terms of likely changing conditions. Our interdisciplinary team combined past research experience gained from multiple sites with published literature to create two generalized qualitative models of the socio-cultural and environmental influences on indigenous aquatic subsistence in northern Australia. One model focused on the longer term (inter-year to generational) persistence of subsistence at the community scale, the other model on shorter term (day to season) drivers of effort by active individuals. The specification of driver definitions and relationships demonstrates the complexities of even generalized and materialist models of contemporary subsistence practices. The qualitative models were analyzed for emergent properties and for responses to plausible changes in key variables: access, habitat degradation, social security availability, and community dysfunction. Positive human community condition is shown to be critical to the long-term persistence of subsistence, but complex interactions of negative and positive drivers shape subsistence effort expended at the individual scale and within shorter time frames. Such models enable motivations, complexities, and the potential management and policy levers of significance to be identified, defined, causally related, and debated. The models can be used to augment future models of human-natural systems, be tested against case-specific field conditions and/or indigenous perspectives, and aid preliminary assessments of the effects on subsistence of changes in social and environmental conditions, including policy settings."""
0	"Barbosa, J. M. P., et al. (2016). Call to Publish in an Undergraduate Medical Course: Dissemination of the Final-Year Research Project."" Teaching and Learning in Medicine 28(4): 432-438."""	126	"Barbosa, J. M. P., et al. (2016). """"Call to Publish in an Undergraduate Medical Course: Dissemination of the Final-Year Research Project."""" Teaching and Learning in Medicine 28(4): 432-438."""""	" Problem: Today's medical doctors must not only have the clinical skills to treat patients effectively but also keep current with new advances in medicine and critically analyze evidence to choose the best treatments and explain the risks and benefits of different options. In this article, we aim to share the approach taken at a Portuguese medical school to promote a close connection between research and learning. Intervention: In a blended-learning approach, students studied research and scientific methods and undertook one of three faculty-supervised research and dissemination projects. To support immediate application of new research knowledge, students were offered optional short lectures and problem sets. All course information was featured on a website that also supported a discussion forum. We analyzed 1,350 theses leading to the medical degree, defended in six consecutive academic years (2007-2013). Our aim was to estimate the publication rates and factors associated with publication of the final-year undergraduate research projects. Context: The present research curriculum was developed at the University of Porto Faculty of Medicine as part of the Bologna process curriculum implemented in the 2007-2008 academic year. From May to June 2014 we looked for corresponding articles published over the period of September 2007 to April 2014. We searched PubMed, Scielo, Scopus, and IndexRMP databases to locate publications resulting from student theses. Outcomes: Over 6years, the diffusion of knowledge produced by medical students, who engaged in clinical practice concurrently with research projects, was fairly low (10.4%). Program modifications that increased student accountability and engagement allowed for an increased rate of publication from 1.0% to 23.9%. Factors associated with publication were research area, publication as a performance assessment criterion, and publication language. Lessons Learned: The results of this study suggest that it is helpful to provide research opportunities that allow aspiring future medical doctors to begin their research careers. Further research is needed to understand difficulties students and supervisors face in project development and to achieve greater balance in topic coverage among projects and, consequently, in departmental involvement in the program."""
0	"Barclay, L. (2012). Evidence: Making an impact."" International Journal of Evidence-Based Healthcare 10(1): 1-2."""	127	"Barclay, L. (2012). """"Evidence: Making an impact."""" International Journal of Evidence-Based Healthcare 10(1): 1-2."""""	" I am honored and delighted to be asked to write this editorial as I leave the Editorial Board after a number of years. I note the range of articles in this edition and again am amazed how far we have come, not only in terms of this journal, but also on the role of evidence and its importance in health care. My career path has paralleled this. As a midwife originally, and a midwife teacher, we had some of the early work around Cochrane carried out in my field and in obstetrics. My frustration then was how difficult it was to get the evidence applied to practice. At that stage, even if you had access to libraries and searching techniques, no one would listen to the evidence that was beginning to be produced and there was no thought of research meta-analysis or synthesis! The skills and techniques necessary to get the full benefit of research were also not well developed or efficient. For example, we could not have dreamed about the software and hardware that we now have that assist in not only finding research, but also allow us to store and process data. This, in turn, has spawned not only techniques, but our research training has changed. We now often require a formal meta-analysis or synthesis to be the first step either in a quantitative or, more recently, a qualitative doctorate. This edition reminds us how valuable these skills have become. We have come a long way —as I feel I have come a long way on a professional journey encompassing a passion for research. I developed my skills through my part-time undergraduate degree, part-time Masters by research and part-time doctoral studies. All in all, it took 18 years of simultaneous employment, children and career before I could lay claim to being a researcher. None of my students have this road to travel now  they come to me with degrees, we mostly provide a salary for them or position them on grants or assist them to get scholarship and they complete in a timely fashion. They learn to publish and share their work along the way and make a significant difference to health care. This journal exemplifies the great progress we have made. Congratulations on the leadership and purpose demonstrated over recent years and I wish you well for the future. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Barge, J. K. (2016). Crossing Boundaries between Communication Activism Research and Applied Communication Research Discourses."" International Journal of Communication 10: 4000-4008."""	128	"Barge, J. K. (2016). """"Crossing Boundaries between Communication Activism Research and Applied Communication Research Discourses."""" International Journal of Communication 10: 4000-4008."""""	" There is a growing conversation in higher education regarding the relevance and social impact of research for nonacademic communities in the public sphere. Engaged scholarship has emerged as one response to this concern as scholars endeavor to produce theory and research that enable individuals, groups, and communities to respond better to significant social problems and issues (see, e.g., Barreno, Elliott, Madueke, & Sarny, 2013). Several research traditions of engaged communication scholarship have emerged, including applied communication research, collaborative learning, practical theory, and public scholarship (see, e.g., Putnam, 2009  Putnam & Dempsey, 2015  Shockley-Zalabak, Barge, Lewis, & Simpson, forthcoming). Although several strands of engaged scholarship exist, three important ideas tend to cut across them: Engaged scholarship is an approach toward inquiry that (a) focuses on significant ethical, social, and civic problems  (b) involves crafting reflexive research practices that enable collaboration between academic and nonacademic communities of practice "" and (c) cocreates and coproduces knowledge through a collaborative research process between academics and nonacademics. The essay by Carragee and Frey in this Special Section clearly positions communication activism for social justice research (CAR) as a unique form of engaged communication scholarship that is distinct from, or represents a distinct form of (see Frey & SunWolf, 2009), applied communication research (ACR). CAR represents a different mode of inquiry and knowledge production than is pursued typically by ACR, given CAR's explicit commitment to collaboration among researchers, oppressed communities, and activists that seeks transformative change through researchers' interventions that address injustices within political, social, and economic systems. In contrast, a majority of ACR adopts a mode of inquiry that produces publications directed at communication scholars that describe and offer recommendations for managing communication problems. To a much lesser degree, to make academic knowledge socially relevant, ACR adopts a translational mode of inquiry, in which academics disseminate accessible research findings to the public. Barge and Shockley-Zalabak (2008) also identified a form of engaged ACR that involves """"bringing members of scholarly and practitioner communities into conversation with one another,"""" to coproduce """"robust and useful knowledge"""" (p. 253""  see also Van de Ven, 2007). The unique focus of CAR on using communication theory, research, and/or pedagogy to work with oppressed communities and activists  the social justice nature of the issues that CAR addresses  and the role of researchers as intervention activists clearly differentiate CAR from typical ACR. Although the notion that CAR is distinct from typical ACR already has been well established in the literature (Dempsey & Barge, 2014  Putnam, 2009 "" Putnam & Dempsey, 2015), Carragee and Frey's essay in this Special Section serves a valuable purpose, building on earlier work to articulate more deeply the characteristics of CAR, identifying important issues regarding the design of CAR studies and programs, and demonstrating CAR's legitimacy as a distinct approach within engaged communication scholarship. Moreover, their essay makes an important contribution to the literature by providing a careful comparison of conceptual and practical alliances between CAR and ACR, as opposed to simply noting their disjunctures and differences. I focus my response on viewing CAR and ACR as complementary approaches to engaged communication scholarship as opposed to competitive ones. Using Deetz's (1996) notion of research traditions as """"discourses,"""" I illustrate how CAR and ACR can be placed in conversation to take advantage of the research opportunities that each presents and to become more mindful of the design and practice of engaged research, and how these approaches may employ a common set of strategies to create space to conduct research that engages meaningfully with and transforms practice."""""
0.5	"Barker, L. (2009). Student and Faculty Perceptions of Undergraduate Research Experiences in Computing."" ACM Transactions on Computing Education 9(1): 28."""	129	"Barker, L. (2009). """"Student and Faculty Perceptions of Undergraduate Research Experiences in Computing."""" ACM Transactions on Computing Education 9(1): 28."""""	" Undergraduate research experiences are promoted and funded for their potential in increasing students' likelihood of pursuing graduate degrees, increasing their confidence, and expanding their awareness of their discipline and career opportunities. These outcomes, however, depend on the social, organizational, and intellectual conditions under which students conduct research. Large-scale comparative studies suggest that computer science undergraduate researchers participate in fewer of the activities that lead to membership in a ""culture of research."""" This interview-based study illuminates the experiences of both undergraduates and their faculty research mentors in computer science summer and academic year programs. Twenty-five undergraduates and 31 faculty mentors, the majority women, were interviewed. Their stories reveal best and worst case research conditions for students, the special benefits to women who have experienced harassment in their classes, unconscious biases of faculty, the wisdom of faculty who guide undergraduates to successful research outcomes, and faculty's perceptions of benefits for themselves, their departments, and the students they mentor."""""
0	"Barksdale, S. T. (2013). Good Readers Make Good Historians: ""Can We Just Settle It on ""a Lot of People Died""?""."" History Teacher 46(2): 231-252."""	130	"Barksdale, S. T. (2013). """"Good Readers Make Good Historians: """"Can We Just Settle It on """"a Lot of People Died""""?""""."""" History Teacher 46(2): 231-252."""""	" Teachers can engage students in historical thinking by intentionally structuring close reading tasks. This article provides a practical and theoretical examination of the learning and teaching during a 30-minute social studies class in which students studied colonization by reading a primary source text from the Jamestown Colony. Students used inference as a tool first to explain the literal meaning of the text (explanatory inference) and then to elaborate on that literal meaning to develop their historical ideas (elaborative inference). Also, an inquiry-based teaching method called ""critical exploration"""" was used in this class and is described in practical terms. (Contains 35 notes.)"""""
1	"Barmparas, G., et al. (2015). The Trauma Research Associates Program (T-RAP) for Undergraduate Students: Shaping Future Academic Surgeons."" Journal of Surgical Education 72(2): 338-344."""	131	"Barmparas, G., et al. (2015). """"The Trauma Research Associates Program (T-RAP) for Undergraduate Students: Shaping Future Academic Surgeons."""" Journal of Surgical Education 72(2): 338-344."""""	" OBJECTIVE: Offering undergraduate students research opportunities may enhance their interest in pursuing a surgical career and lead to increased academic productivity. We characterize the benefits of participating in the Trauma Research Associates Program. DESIGN: A 19-point Web-based survey. SETTING: Academic Level I Trauma Center. PARTICIPANTS: A total of 29 active and former members of the Trauma Research Associates Program. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURE(S): Academic activities and predictors associated with interest in a surgical career and research productivity. RESULTS: Surveys were completed on 26 of 29 (90%) participants. Clinical experience was the most highly ranked motivation to join the program (65%), followed by pursuing a research experience (46%). During their involvement, 73% of participants observed surgical intensive care unit rounds, 65% observed acute care surgery rounds, and 35% observed a surgical procedure in the operating room. In addition, 46% submitted at least one abstract to a surgical meeting coauthored with the Division's faculty. Furthermore, 58% reported that they enrolled in a medical school, whereas 17% pursued a full-time research job. The program influenced the interest in a surgical career in 39% of all members, and 73% reported that they would incorporate research in their medical career. Observing a surgical procedure was independently associated with development of a high interest in a surgical career (adjusted odds ratio: 6.50  95% CI: 1.09, 38.63  p = 0.04), whereas volunteering for more than 15 hours per week predicted submission of at least 1 abstract to a surgical conference by the participant (adjusted odds ratio: 13.00  95% CI: 1.27, 133.29  p = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Development of a structured research program for undergraduate students is beneficial to both the participants and sponsoring institution. Undergraduate exposure to academic surgery enhances interest in pursuing a surgical specialty and leads to academic productivity. (C) 2014 Association of Program Directors in Surgery. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""
0	"Barnoya, J., et al. (2013). Increasing Chronic Disease Research Capacity in Guatemala Through a Mentoring Program."" Canadian Journal of Public Health-Revue Canadienne De Sante Publique 104(5): E427-E432."""	132	"Barnoya, J., et al. (2013). """"Increasing Chronic Disease Research Capacity in Guatemala Through a Mentoring Program."""" Canadian Journal of Public Health-Revue Canadienne De Sante Publique 104(5): E427-E432."""""	" OBJECTIVE: The Chronic Disease Research Fellowship Program (RFP) aims to build the research capacity of recent medical graduates to support the development of chronic disease control strategies. SETTING: Guatemala is undergoing an epidemiologic transition. However, given the way universities and the health care system are structured, it lacks an environment that fosters research careers and generates the required knowledge to implement sound public health policies and clinical strategies. The RFP was implemented at the Cardiovascular Unit of Guatemala. INTERVENTION: This 4-year Program recruited two one-year fellows and provided funding to define a research topic, write a protocol and implement the research. Strong emphasis is placed on developing skills in knowledge translation and exchange to bridge the ""know-do"""" gap. Close mentoring relationships between the Principal Investigator and former and current fellows are fostered through the Program. OUTCOMES: The mentoring Program has generated strategic data to support the implementation of sound chronic disease control strategies, mainly related to tobacco control. Results have been presented nationally and internationally. Research training has included principles of biostatistics and epidemiology, and a journal club. The Program is increasingly generating interest among medical graduates to pursue further research training abroad and is building local research capacity. Fellows and research assistants have created a research network in Guatemala and abroad. The main obstacle the Program faces is ensuring long-term sustainability. CONCLUSIONS: A mentoring program can lead to an increase in research interest and capacity in a low-income country with little research infrastructure."""""
0	"Barss, P. (2012). Injury Epidemiology and Prevention."" Public Health in the Arabworld: 200-218."""	133	"Barss, P. (2012). """"Injury Epidemiology and Prevention."""" Public Health in the Arabworld: 200-218."""""	" Injuries are a serious public health concern in the Arab world. This chapter reviews the evidence on injuries with the aim of identifying priorities for prevention and recommendations for public health research, training, and practice. Since understanding of injuries needs to be grounded in theoretical as well as practical knowledge, the chapter begins with a brief review of a public health approach to injury."""
0	"Bartels, S. J., et al. (2013). Developing the next generation of researchers in emerging fields: Case study of a multisite postdoctoral research training program."" Academic Psychiatry 37(2): 108-113."""	134	"Bartels, S. J., et al. (2013). """"Developing the next generation of researchers in emerging fields: Case study of a multisite postdoctoral research training program."""" Academic Psychiatry 37(2): 108-113."""""	" The aging of the U.S. population has been described as an approaching 'demographic tsunami' that will challenge the capacity of an underdeveloped geriatric mental health service delivery system. Despite a growing evidence-base of effective treatments for geriatric mental disorders, older adults have inadequate access to needed services and are more likely to receive low-quality care, leading to excess morbidity, disability, and institutionalization. A major impediment to addressing these challenges is a lack of geriatric mental health services researchers with the necessary skills to bridge the gap between findings from research and 'real-world' service delivery. Further complicating this challenge, no single research setting has the sufficient depth or breadth of expertise to provide training that effectively spans the large array of skill-sets that comprise this developing field. This multisite research training program brings together senior mentors and fellows from four geographically distant sites to create a unified 2- to 3-year, intensive postdoctoral (T32) research training program. This program covers a broad array of topics, including neuroimaging and neuroscience, translational research, pharmacological and behavioral treatments for alcohol and cocaine abuse, treatment of behavioral and cognitive symptoms of dementia, and treatment-effectiveness research on posttraumatic stress disorder. This approach provides another example of leveraging economies of scale and multisite expertise to mitigate barriers in training the next generation of researchers. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Bartkus, K., et al. (2010). Fostering Undergraduate Research Experiences in Management Information Systems through the ""Research Group"" Framework."" American Journal of Business Education 3(6): 97-102."""	135	"Bartkus, K., et al. (2010). """"Fostering Undergraduate Research Experiences in Management Information Systems through the """"Research Group"""" Framework."""" American Journal of Business Education 3(6): 97-102."""""	" The purpose of this paper is to propose an innovative approach to engaged learning. Founded on the principles of a scholarly think-tank and administered along the lines of a consulting organization, the proposed ""Research Group"""" framework is designed to facilitate effective and efficient undergraduate research experiences in Management Information Systems and other business areas. In doing so, the program better prepares students for success in graduate school and their chosen careers. In this paper, we introduce the research group framework and describe its four fundamental elements. Examples of are then presented to illustrate both scholar-based and organization-based research experiences. We conclude with a discussion on the challenges of developing a formal undergraduate research program. A list of references and recommended readings is included."""""
0	"Basole, R. C., et al. (2015). Coopetition and convergence in the ICT ecosystem."" Telecommunications Policy 39(7): 537-552."""	136	"Basole, R. C., et al. (2015). """"Coopetition and convergence in the ICT ecosystem."""" Telecommunications Policy 39(7): 537-552."""""	" This study focuses on quantifying and visualizing the competitive dynamics shaping the ICT ecosystem. We ground our study in theories of complex systems, strategy dynamics, and industry life cycle. Using a unique longitudinal dataset, we define and develop graph and information theoretic measures of coopetition, convergence, complexity, and velocity of the ICT ecosystem. We frame the ""transformation path"""" of the ICT ecosystem using these proposed metrics and map the trajectory using complex network visualizations. Our results show that while segments in the ICT ecosystem have converged, the rate of convergence is decreasing. This suggests a growing maturity of the ecosystem and decreasing importance on formal interfirm relationships. At the same time, we find that coopetition is increasing at a decreasing rate. We also find evidence of a declining engagement in interfirm R&D and a growing number of technology transfer relationships, indicating a possible shift from value exploration to value capturing. Our novel data-based metrics provide a foundation for strategic analysis of new business opportunities that is not possible using traditional market analysis tools. We conclude with a discussion of policy implications and future research opportunities. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""""
0	"Bastalich, W. (2011). Beyond the Local/General Divide: English for Academic Purposes and Process Approaches to Cross Disciplinary, Doctoral Writing Support."" Higher Education Research and Development 30(4): 449-462."""	137	"Bastalich, W. (2011). """"Beyond the Local/General Divide: English for Academic Purposes and Process Approaches to Cross Disciplinary, Doctoral Writing Support."""" Higher Education Research and Development 30(4): 449-462."""""	" One of the outcomes of the policy emphasis upon skills formation in countries like Australia and the UK has been an increase in cross-disciplinary structured programs for higher research degrees raising implicit, but often unexamined, questions about the curriculum and expertise that should inform them. Key insights from applied linguistics and composition studies about disciplinary similarities and differences and writing pedagogy for the development of university-wide structured programs are discussed in the article. In addition, student evaluations of two ""social sciences, humanities and business"""" writing programs that were developed to reflect these insights are reported. The findings are read to suggest that the framework within which research training is conceptualized must consider not only the diversity of domains and activities that characterise higher degree research, but the communicative purposes against which research texts are evaluated and differentiated. The overlapping and contrasting nature of these purposes suggests collaborations among specific discipline groups in structured program provision within the research degree cohort, rather than the local/general research training split that is often assumed."""""
0	"Bastalich, W., et al. (2014). Is Non-Subject Based Research Training a ""Waste of Time,"" Good Only for the Development of Professional Skills? An Academic Literacies Perspective."" Teaching in Higher Education 19(4): 373-384."""	138	"Bastalich, W., et al. (2014). """"Is Non-Subject Based Research Training a """"Waste of Time,"""" Good Only for the Development of Professional Skills? An Academic Literacies Perspective."""" Teaching in Higher Education 19(4): 373-384."""""	" In recent years, contentiously for some, universities have developed generalist skills lists and associated curricula in response to government demand for more ""employment-ready"""" graduates. Such training usually includes writing and communication. In Australia and the UK, guidelines designed to support the development of skills programmes describe research training as """"generic skills"""" and/or """"discipline-based."""" This framing effectively precludes a discussion of academic literacies perspectives on curriculum development and pedagogy for research training. In a review of some key insights from academic literacies and consideration of their implications for research training, the article discusses why academic literacies are not skills-based, strictly generic or informed by the students' discipline. The article suggests a reframing of the terms of research skills discussion to accommodate academic literacies perspectives. This would involve recognition of curriculum and pedagogy that aims to introduce the complex and diverse written genres, research purposes, rhetorical conventions, language functions and cultural norms that students are working with, an approach supportive of both effective student writing and subject learning."""""
0	"Batson, N., et al. (2013). Collaboration with clinical and translational sciences to improve psychiatry training in research."" Academic Psychiatry 37(6): 426-428."""	139	"Batson, N., et al. (2013). """"Collaboration with clinical and translational sciences to improve psychiatry training in research."""" Academic Psychiatry 37(6): 426-428."""""	" This column discusses the collaboration with clinical and translational sciences to improve psychiatry training in research. The information and technology age of medicine has facilitated progression in all fields of medicine and has had an especially profound impact on research. It has allowed for both medical and non-medical professionals to collaborate, which is an important component to diversifying studies and advancing knowledge. Various strategies have been implemented at individual training programs across the nation in the effort to enhance research experience and promote the growth of academically oriented psychiatry residents. Providing protected time for research, recommending research projects that do not require grant support, identifying research mentors, and consistent support by clinical faculty have been suggested methods to encourage trainee research. Contemporary researchers understand both the importance of multidisciplinary partnerships in advancing medical knowledge and the need for efficiency within the research process. The field of clinical and translational sciences (CTS) is a rapidly-evolving discipline that provides an integrated foundation for research initiatives. Psychiatry training programs can utilize the expertise of a CTS department to perform research while avoiding costs associated with developing infrastructure and hiring dedicated clinical research faculty. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Bauer, M. (2016). Connection and Community: Diné College Emphasizes Real-World Experience in Public Health."" Tribal College Journal of American Indian Higher Education 27(4)."""	140	"Bauer, M. (2016). """"Connection and Community: Diné College Emphasizes Real-World Experience in Public Health."""" Tribal College Journal of American Indian Higher Education 27(4)."""""	" The Summer Research Enhancement Program (SREP) at Diné College provides students with a solid foundation of public health research methods and includes a hands-on internship in their home community to test their newly acquired skills while enhancing the communities' health. Focusing on health issues prioritized by Navajo health leaders, from diabetes to cancer, the program has documented steady improvement in student engagement, cultural competency of instruction, and collaboration with local health programs and services. SREP is a collaboration between Diné College and the colleges of public health at the Universities of Arizona and Colorado. With this support the program engages many accomplished public health professionals in work that impacts Navajo communities. Support from the Center for American Indian and Alaska Native Health at the University of Colorado, and additional funding provided by the Center for American Indian Resilience, enhanced students' research training. The SREP program emphasizes teaching students about the importance of individual and community resilience in health, how resilience can be assessed in research contexts, and how their own community internships can foster such resilience. Involvement of Navajo graduate students and health professionals in instruction and mentoring is also critical."""
0	"Bauer, R. M. (2007). Evidence-based practice in psychology: Implication for research and research training."" Journal of Clinical Psychology 63(7): 685-694."""	141	"Bauer, R. M. (2007). """"Evidence-based practice in psychology: Implication for research and research training."""" Journal of Clinical Psychology 63(7): 685-694."""""	" In this article the author discusses the implications of evidence-based practice (EBP) for research and research training in clinical psychology. It is argued that EBP provides a useful framework for addressing some heretofore ignored problems in clinical research. Advancing evidence-based psychological practice will require educators to inject significant new content into research, design, and methodology courses and to further integrate research and practicum training. The author believes this to be an exciting opportunity for the field, not only because it will further psychologists' integration into the interdisciplinary health care and research environment, but also because it will provide new tools to educate students for capable, not just competent professional activity. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Baumler, D. J., et al. (2012). Using Comparative Genomics for Inquiry-Based Learning to Dissect Virulence of ""Escherichia coli"" O157:H7 and ""Yersinia pestis""."" CBE - Life Sciences Education 11(1): 81-93."""	142	"Baumler, D. J., et al. (2012). """"Using Comparative Genomics for Inquiry-Based Learning to Dissect Virulence of """"Escherichia coli"""" O157:H7 and """"Yersinia pestis""""."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 11(1): 81-93."""""	" Genomics and bioinformatics are topics of increasing interest in undergraduate biological science curricula. Many existing exercises focus on gene annotation and analysis of a single genome. In this paper, we present two educational modules designed to enable students to learn and apply fundamental concepts in comparative genomics using examples related to bacterial pathogenesis. Students first examine alignments of genomes of ""Escherichia coli"""" O157:H7 strains isolated from three food-poisoning outbreaks using the multiple-genome alignment tool Mauve. Students investigate conservation of virulence factors using the Mauve viewer and by browsing annotations available at the A Systematic Annotation Package for Community Analysis of Genomes database. In the second module, students use an alignment of five """"Yersinia pestis"""" genomes to analyze single-nucleotide polymorphisms of three genes to classify strains into biovar groups. Students are then given sequences of bacterial DNA amplified from the teeth of corpses from the first and second pandemics of the bubonic plague and asked to classify these new samples. Learning-assessment results reveal student improvement in self-efficacy and content knowledge, as well as students' ability to use BLAST to identify genomic islands and conduct analyses of virulence factors from """"E. coli"""" O157:H7 or """"Y. pestis."""" Each of these educational modules offers educators new ready-to-implement resources for integrating comparative genomic topics into their curricula. (Contains 8 tables.)"""""
0	"Baxter, S. (2011). It's not kids' play! Reflecting on the child-orientated research experience."" International Journal of Market Research 53(1): 63-74."""	143	"Baxter, S. (2011). """"It's not kids' play! Reflecting on the child-orientated research experience."""" International Journal of Market Research 53(1): 63-74."""""	" Marketers are interested in the knowledge, opinions, attitudes and behaviours of today's young consumers. This paper explores the nature of child-orientated survey research by means of an unstructured observational study. A total of 376 children between the ages of 7 and 12 participated in a study that examined consumer knowledge and behaviour. Participant's behaviour was observed during the questionnaire administration process with four primary issues being noted: group management, peer interaction, the ability to maintain interest and the desire to be 'correct'. When using a self-completed questionnaire, it is suggested that the administration group size should be limited to eight children, questionnaire length should be limited to approximately 100 items or 10 to 15 minutes' completion time, and questionnaires should be collected immediately after completion. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Bazzo, S., et al. (2015). Evaluation of a multilevel and integrated program to raise awareness of the harmful effects of prenatal alcohol exposure in a local community."" Alcohol and Alcoholism 50(6): 708-715."""	144	"Bazzo, S., et al. (2015). """"Evaluation of a multilevel and integrated program to raise awareness of the harmful effects of prenatal alcohol exposure in a local community."""" Alcohol and Alcoholism 50(6): 708-715."""""	" Aims: To evaluate a multilevel program to raise awareness of the risks of prenatal exposure to alcohol in the area of Treviso (Italy). The program started in 2008 and consists of an action-research experience involving health professionals of maternal–child services, and in the campaign ‘Mamma Beve Bimbo Beve’, targeted to the childbearing-aged population. Methods: A comparative study was carried out in 2013. Surveys using semi-structured self-report questionnaires were carried out among professionals and pregnant women in Treviso, and among control groups belonging to another local area of Italy (Verona). The questionnaires investigated awareness and opinions about alcohol and pregnancy, as well as sources and kind of information provided and received. Results: Health professionals in Treviso, who had been exposed both to the action-research experience and to the campaign, showed a more rational approach to alcohol than colleagues in the control group, and were more aware and sensitized about the risks of alcohol consumption during pregnancy. Physicians and midwives had a higher probability of having advised pregnant women to abstain from alcohol in Treviso. Pregnant women in Treviso, who had received information through the campaign and from professionals, had a higher probability of having received only correct advice about the issue of alcohol and pregnancy, but did not hold perceptions different to women in Verona. Conclusions: The multilevel program carried out in the Treviso area was effective in increasing awareness and improving attitudes towards the risks of alcohol use during pregnancy among local healthcare professionals, compared with the control group. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Beagley, T. C. (2013). Genome Annotation in a Community College Cell Biology Lab."" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 41(1): 44-49."""	145	"Beagley, T. C. (2013). """"Genome Annotation in a Community College Cell Biology Lab."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 41(1): 44-49."""""	" The Biology Department at Salt Lake Community College has used the IMG-ACT toolbox to introduce a genome mapping and annotation exercise into the laboratory portion of its Cell Biology course. This project provides students with an authentic inquiry-based learning experience while introducing them to computational biology and contemporary learning skills. Additionally, the project strengthens student understanding of the scientific method and contributes to student learning gains in curricular objectives centered around basic molecular biology, specifically, the Central Dogma. Importantly, inclusion of this project in the laboratory course provides students with a positive learning environment and allows for the use of cooperative learning strategies to increase overall student success. (Contains 3 figures.)"""
0	"Beard, L., et al. (2010). Leaving Their Legacy."" Science Teacher 77(4): 53-58."""	146	"Beard, L., et al. (2010). """"Leaving Their Legacy."""" Science Teacher 77(4): 53-58."""""	" Research Experiences for Teachers (RET), funded by the National Science Foundation, offer teachers an opportunity to participate in current, hands-on scientific research in laboratories across the United States. These experiences provide an avenue for teachers to understand the process of research and gain insight on emerging technologies with the goal of implementing this new knowledge in the classroom. This article describes author Lisa Beard's research experience at the Thin Films Polymer Lab at Vanderbilt University, the use of the Legacy Cycle, and how this approach to teaching enhances STEM classrooms. (Contains 6 figures and 3 online resources.)"""
0	"Beaton, R. D., et al. (2012). Disaster research team building: A case study of a web-based disaster research training program."" Traumatology 18(4): 86-91."""	147	"Beaton, R. D., et al. (2012). """"Disaster research team building: A case study of a web-based disaster research training program."""" Traumatology 18(4): 86-91."""""	" This case study describes the process and outcomes of the Northwest Center for Public Health Practice Child and Family Disaster Research Training (UWDRT) Program housed at the University of Washington, which used web-based distance learning technology. The purposes of this program were to provide training and to establish a regional cadre of researchers and clinicians  to increase disaster mental health research capacity and collaboration  and to improve the scientific rigor of research investigations of disaster mental health in children and families. Despite a number of obstacles encountered in development and implementation, outcomes of this program included increased team member awareness and knowledge of child and family disaster mental health issues  improved disaster and public health instruction and training independent of the UWDRT program  informed local and state disaster response preparedness and response  and contributions to the child and family disaster mental health research literature. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Beck, C. W. and L. S. Blumer (2012). Inquiry-based ecology laboratory courses improve student confidence and scientific reasoning skills."" Ecosphere 3(12)."""	148	"Beck, C. W. and L. S. Blumer (2012). """"Inquiry-based ecology laboratory courses improve student confidence and scientific reasoning skills."""" Ecosphere 3(12)."""""	" Recently, the AAAS Vision and Change report renewed the push to incorporate inquiry throughout the biology curriculum. Even prior to the report, many ecology faculty have used inquiry-based approaches in their laboratory and field courses. However, the efficacy of these approaches has been assessed only to a limited degree and often at a single institution. Therefore, whether one may generalize the results of previous studies of inquiry-based teaching in laboratory courses is unclear. We examined the change in student confidence and scientific reasoning skills using published, validated instruments in inquiry-based ecology laboratory courses at two different institutions (a historically black, all-male, liberal arts college and a private research university) across multiple semesters. Students exhibited a significant increase in overall confidence and scientific reasoning skills with students in the lowest quartile at the beginning of the semester for each construct exhibiting a significantly greater gain in comparison to students in the highest quartile for the same construct. Institution had no effect on learning gains, indicating that the positive impact of inquiry-based learning is general, at least for students at our two institutions. Although weaker students exhibited greater learning gains, significant differences in confidence and scientific reasoning skills between the lowest and highest quartile persisted at the end of the semester  thus, a single, inquiry-based laboratory course is not sufficient to overcome initial differences among students. Interestingly, gains in confidence were not significantly correlated with gains in scientific reasoning with some weaker students increasing in confidence while their scientific reasoning skills decreased, which suggests that our inquiry-based laboratories did not help these students develop important metacognitive skills. Overall, our results indicate that inquiry-based laboratory courses in ecology can lead to significant learning gains, but that performance gaps among students might only be bridged by students taking multiple inquiry-based courses."""
0	"Bedard, A. C., et al. (2007). Career research interests and training of genetic counseling students."" Journal of Genetic Counseling 16(5): 645-653."""	149	"Bedard, A. C., et al. (2007). """"Career research interests and training of genetic counseling students."""" Journal of Genetic Counseling 16(5): 645-653."""""	" Research is important to validate clinical services, provide information on the effectiveness of practice techniques, and develop the knowledge base of a clinical profession. Genetic counseling students from American Board of Genetic Counseling (ABGC) accredited training programs were surveyed to determine their career research interests and interest in pursuing a hypothetical doctoral degree in genetic counseling. Genetic counseling program directors were surveyed to assess the emphasis on research training within their programs. A substantial number (46%, n = 92) of genetic counseling students are interested in performing research in their careers and many (40%, n = 80) would pursue a doctoral degree in genetic counseling if it was available. Students and directors from programs with a thesis requirement reported a significantly higher emphasis on career research preparation than those from programs without a thesis requirement. The results of this study indicate that future genetic counselors are interested in contributing to the research base that will advance the field. This study suggests a need to strengthen research training within ABGC accredited graduate programs and explore the development of a doctoral degree option in genetic counseling. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Bednar, L. (2012). Using a research in technical and scientific communication class to teach essential workplace skills."" IEEE Transactions on Professional Communication 55(3): 363-377."""	150	"Bednar, L. (2012). """"Using a research in technical and scientific communication class to teach essential workplace skills."""" IEEE Transactions on Professional Communication 55(3): 363-377."""""	" Teaching problem: Undergraduate research at the university level often focuses on the production of a traditional research paper, one with an academic orientation, often information heavy and analysis light, emphasizing the importance of secondary sources and documentation style over the process of inquiry. What approaches to undergraduate research would enable aspiring technical communicators to develop research skills that would better prepare them for success in a professional environment? Situating the case: The approaches described in this paper draw on the work of Mel Levine as presented in Ready or Not, Here Life Comes, in which he delineates several reasons why young people encounter problems when they enter professional environments: overly managed lives, no experience of delayed gratification, inability to think critically, limited knowledge of their own strengths and weaknesses, and an expectation of stability in the so-called adult world. Levine claims that these problems can be addressed by helping students develop a sense of inner direction as opposed to direction from without, an understanding of how to think critically and apply knowledge, a willingness to build and refine skills over time, and competent writing and speaking skills. In addition, the approaches described in this paper draw on three well-established research traditions: mixed methods research, problem-based research, and action research. How this case was studied: This paper describes the experiences of using two approaches to teach Research in Technical and Scientific Communication at a mid-sized state university in Virginia. The material was collected informally over a period of six years of teaching the course—through observation, student feedback, and completed research reports. About the case: Research in Technical and Scientific Communication required students to produce a research report within the context of real-world inquiry, appropriately focused for a specific audience and purpose, using both primary and secondary sources, and including analysis as well as information. Two approaches were used. The Real Client approach required students to investigate a small-scale, real-world problem or need, which became the focus of a research report that could be submitted to a specific audience for a specific purpose, both identified by the student early in the research process. The Impact of Technology approach required students to consider the impact of technology on modern life, investigate a narrower topic within this broad topic, and prepare a report that could be published in the university magazine or student newspaper. Examples of strong and weak research reports illustrate which features of each approach worked well and which posed challenges. Overall, students responded well to both approaches, but found the Impact of Technology approach more congenial because it was more familiar to them than the Real Client approach. Nonetheless, with both approaches, but especially with the Real Client approach, students seemed reluctant to make necessary contacts, conduct in-depth interviews, and include well-developed analysis. They were more comfortable gathering information anonymously through secondary source material or online surveys, and presenting that information with a limited amount of analysis. Both approaches served to move students toward a more realistic understanding of the kind of research needed in professional environments. Conclusions: These approaches also addressed the concerns raised by Levine. The study was limited by its informal nature, with observations and conclusions resulting from a six-year period of informal experimentation and refinement, during which the requirements for the research report were continually redesigned to better address what students would need to be successful in a workplace. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Beffa-Negrini, P. A., et al. (2007). Development and Evaluation of an Online, Inquiry-Based Food Safety Education Program for Secondary Teachers and Their Students."" Journal of Food Science Education 6(4): 66-71."""	151	"Beffa-Negrini, P. A., et al. (2007). """"Development and Evaluation of an Online, Inquiry-Based Food Safety Education Program for Secondary Teachers and Their Students."""" Journal of Food Science Education 6(4): 66-71."""""	" Secondary science teachers who integrate food safety (FS) into curricula can provide FS knowledge and skills to youth while reinforcing science skills and concepts. National science education standards and the Biological Science Curriculum Study 5E Inquiry-based Learning Model were used to design an online training, Food Safety FIRST. The training has 3 modules, each with 15 h of web-based instruction, interactive discussion, and tools to conduct experiments or critical evaluation projects. A CD-ROM, web site (http://foodsafetyfirst.org), and lab kit were developed to accompany module activities. Seventy-one teachers registered for the program "" 38 matched pretest/posttest evaluations were analyzed. When asked their intention to teach FS in the next year, enrollees responded """"definitely"""" (60.5%) or """"possibly"""" (34.2%), reaching potentially 3570 students. Participants found the training very valuable (71.1%) and were significantly more comfortable teaching FS at posttest (3.6 plus or minus 0.5 on a 4-point Likert scale) than at pretest (2.8 plus or minus 1.0""  P less than 0.0001, n = 35). Self-reported FS practices also improved from pretest (24.8 plus or minus 5.7 out of a possible 35) to posttest (27.7 plus or minus 4.8  P less than 0.001, n = 32). On 4-point Likert scales, teachers were confident answering FS questions (3.4)  confident that if they did a good job teaching this topic, students would be interested in FS (3.4)  and confident FS concepts taught would meet national science standards (3.4). They found the program satisfactory for demonstrating inquiry-based learning (3.8). Most agreed that they would change FS habits (3.2). Using 5-point scales, participants agreed that they felt more able to critically evaluate FS information on the Internet (4.2) and that the training was enjoyable in an online format (4.3)."""
0	"Befort, C., et al. (2008). Perceived Barriers and Benefits to Research Participation among School Administrators."" Journal of School Health 78(11): 581-586."""	152	"Befort, C., et al. (2008). """"Perceived Barriers and Benefits to Research Participation among School Administrators."""" Journal of School Health 78(11): 581-586."""""	" Background: Gaining access to conduct research in schools can be challenging, but little has been done to directly assess school administrators' perceptions of research. The purpose of this qualitative study was to increase understanding of barriers and benefits of research participation as perceived by superintendents and principals in elementary, middle, and high school settings. Methods: Administrators (14 elementary, 14 middle, and 15 high school principals and 14 superintendents  total n = 57) were randomly selected from across a Midwestern state and were interviewed by phone following a semistructured guide of questions. Results: Six major themes were consistent across principals and superintendents and reached saturation. Themes indicated that administrators were interested in research projects that (1) provide tangible benefits to their school, (2) are consistent with their academic mission, (3) are not burdensome, (4) do not take place during state assessment time or other busy times, and (5) are credible and noncontroversial. Previous research experiences leave a lasting impression on administrators and influenced their future decisions. Conclusions: Findings indicate that researchers should carefully frame their research in terms of how it will directly benefit the school, keeping in mind that academic performance is the top priority for school administrators. Researchers should be very clear and realistic about the time commitments, how the research results will be provided, and how the study may be used to improve the school's academic mission. (Contains 1 table.)"""
0	"Behar-Horenstein, L. S., et al. (2010). Mentoring Undergraduate Researchers: An Exploratory Study of Students' and Professors' Perceptions."" Mentoring & Tutoring: Partnership in Learning 18(3): 269-291."""	153	"Behar-Horenstein, L. S., et al. (2010). """"Mentoring Undergraduate Researchers: An Exploratory Study of Students' and Professors' Perceptions."""" Mentoring & Tutoring: Partnership in Learning 18(3): 269-291."""""	" Mentoring is believed to be one of the most influential factors in US efforts to encourage college-aged students to seek careers in science, yet the role that mentoring plays in this process has not been elucidated. The researchers were interested in understanding whether the long-held beliefs about the importance of mentoring would be revealed as what actually occurs in an undergraduate research program. They describe students' perceptions of the mentoring process and students' beliefs about how it impacted their experiences as undergraduate researchers and their development as scientists. Also described are professors' perceptions of their roles and effectiveness as mentors in students' development as scientists. A multi-case narrative analysis was conducted of two groups, undergraduate science scholars (n = 5) and mentoring professors (n = 5), who were each interviewed on two occasions at the beginning and end of the first year of a funded research program. As this grounded research study shows, students and professors described student gains as increased technical expertise and communication skills. Professors suggested that they were available to students on a regular and frequent basis. However, students' experiences suggested a contradiction. They were often mentored by postgraduates, technical assistants, and other students  their meetings with mentoring professors were infrequent and at times distant. With respect to mentoring, this finding highlights the differences between beliefs and the reality of what was delivered. Professors discussed the challenges associated with mentoring including the recruitment of and difficulty of working with students whose first language was not English and concerns about the quality of instruction from graduate students. (Contains 5 tables and 1 figure.)"""
1	"Beier, J. C., et al. (2015). Building Context with Tumor Growth Modeling Projects in Differential Equations."" PRIMUS 25(4): 297-325."""	154	"Beier, J. C., et al. (2015). """"Building Context with Tumor Growth Modeling Projects in Differential Equations."""" PRIMUS 25(4): 297-325."""""	" The use of modeling projects serves to integrate, reinforce, and extend student knowledge. Here we present two projects related to tumor growth appropriate for a first course in differential equations. They illustrate the use of problem-based learning to reinforce and extend course content via a writing or research experience. Here we discuss methods of preparing students for a research/writing experience, the critical thinking involved in completing the project, and the basic assessment of student work."""
0	"Belcastro, S.-M. (2017). Ask questions to encourage questions asked."" PRIMUS: Problems, Resources, and Issues in Mathematics Undergraduate Studies 27(2): 171-178."""	155	"Belcastro, S.-M. (2017). """"Ask questions to encourage questions asked."""" PRIMUS: Problems, Resources, and Issues in Mathematics Undergraduate Studies 27(2): 171-178."""""	" We delineate some types of structured practice (modeling, requests, feedback, and space-making) that help students learn to pose appropriate questions and to initiate exploration of those questions. Developing skills requires practice, so we suggest ways to embed structured practice into existing class sessions. Including structured practice is nuanced, instructor-specific, and depends on context. Therefore, we give examples of implementation in an inquiry-based learning (IBL)-influenced calculus class, in a partially IBL mathematics for liberal arts class, and in a completely IBL class for gifted high school students. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Belkin, G. S., et al. (2011). Teaching ""Global Mental Health:"" Psychiatry Residency Directors' Attitudes and Practices regarding International Opportunities for Psychiatry Residents."" Academic Psychiatry 35(6): 400-403."""	156	"Belkin, G. S., et al. (2011). """"Teaching """"Global Mental Health:"""" Psychiatry Residency Directors' Attitudes and Practices regarding International Opportunities for Psychiatry Residents."""" Academic Psychiatry 35(6): 400-403."""""	" Objective: The authors surveyed Psychiatry Residency Training Directors' (RTDs') attitudes about the role and feasibility of international rotations during residency training. Method: A 21-question survey was electronically distributed that explored RTDs' beliefs about the value, use, and availability of international clinical and research experiences during residency. Results: Of 171 RTDs, 59 (34.5%) completed the survey  83% of respondents rated the importance of global mental health education as 3-or-above on a scale of 1 (least important) to 5 (most important), but only 42% indicated that such opportunities were made available. The value of such opportunities was thought to lie primarily in professional development and cultural exposure, less so for enhancing core knowledge competencies. Obstacles to such opportunities included lack of accreditation, financial resources, and faculty/administrative support and supervision. Conclusion: RTD respondents endorsed the value of international experiences during residency, but their availability and educational impact are not fully supported. (Contains 1 table.)"""
1	"Bellin, R. M., et al. (2010). Purification and Characterization of Taq Polymerase: A 9-week Biochemistry Laboratory Project for Undergraduate Students."" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 38(1): 11-16."""	157	"Bellin, R. M., et al. (2010). """"Purification and Characterization of Taq Polymerase: A 9-week Biochemistry Laboratory Project for Undergraduate Students."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 38(1): 11-16."""""	" We have developed a 9-week undergraduate laboratory series focused on the purification and characterization of Thermus aquaticus DNA polymerase (Taq). Our aim was to provide undergraduate biochemistry students with a full-semester continuing project simulating a research-like experience, while having each week's procedure focus on a single learning goal. The laboratory series has been taught for the past 7 years, and survey-based assessment of the effectiveness of the laboratory series was completed during the 2006 and 2007 fall semesters. Statistical analysis of the survey results demonstrate that the laboratory series is very effective in teaching students the theory and practice of protein purification and analysis while also demonstrating positive results in more broad areas of scientific skill and knowledge. Amongst the findings, the largest reported increases in knowledge were related to students' understanding of how patent law relates to laboratory science, a topic of great importance to modern researchers that is readily discussed in relation to Taq polymerase. Overall, this laboratory series proves to be a very effective component in the curricula of undergraduate biology and chemistry majors and may be an appropriate laboratory experience for undergraduates."""
0	"Bellissima, V., et al. (2011). Italy-Netherland PhD Program: The I.O. PhD Research Program."" Journal of Maternal-Fetal & Neonatal Medicine 24: 111-113."""	158	"Bellissima, V., et al. (2011). """"Italy-Netherland PhD Program: The I.O. PhD Research Program."""" Journal of Maternal-Fetal & Neonatal Medicine 24: 111-113."""""	" In the framework of long-term scientific collaboration among the founder members coming from Holland and Italy there was a growing consensus to activate a philosophical doctorate (PhD) program, involving young Italian researchers in the field of perinatal medicine, neonatology and pediatrics. The aims were to promote excellence in research, offering to young Italian physicians the opportunity to maturate an International research experience leading to PhD degree, and to promote human and technological improvement energies in perinatal, neonatal and pediatrics research. Thus, an official collaboration among the Dutch Universities from Maastricht and Utrecht and the Italian Children's Hospital from Alessandria, has been activated on March 1st 2010, finalized to the PhD program. The experimental phase included the selection of projects and relative candidates after an interview-selection focusing on their scientific attitudes and the availability on their research projects. Candidates' selection started on May 2010 and on September 29th ten projects and candidates have been approved by the scientific commission. Research topics included: perinatal asphyxia, aging and the origin of adulthood neurodegenerative disease, neuroprotective strategies, biochemical pulmunology, intrauterine growth retardation and perinatal teratology. To date, all projects have been approved by local Ethics Committee from the University/Hospital of origin of the candidates. Five manuscripts have been published and/or submitted to international Journals regarding pneumology, perinatal asphyxia and teratology, whilst about 60-70% of data regarding clinical studies have already been collected."""
0.5	"Belton, D. J. (2016). Teaching process simulation using video-enhanced and discovery/inquiry-based learning: Methodology and analysis within a theoretical framework for skill acquisition."" Education for Chemical Engineers 17: 54-64."""	159	"Belton, D. J. (2016). """"Teaching process simulation using video-enhanced and discovery/inquiry-based learning: Methodology and analysis within a theoretical framework for skill acquisition."""" Education for Chemical Engineers 17: 54-64."""""	" Process simulation has become an essential tool for chemical engineers in education and industry. Various studies examining the teaching and learning of process simulation are available, although no clear theoretical frameworks for process simulation pedagogy currently exist. The work presented here describes a methodology for teaching process simulation that utilises video-enhanced and exploratory-based learning. The teaching approach is evaluated for a cohort of first year students, with the evaluation drawing on tutor observations, online survey responses and interviews with students. These data sources are used to explore the student experience and reveal that students engaged positively with the learning process. They also show that students benefitted from and valued the learning approaches used. Furthermore, interview responses were interrogated in detail using a thematic analysis, which revealed several key themes. The learning process is observed to occur in distinct phases, with each phase being underpinned by different learning modalities. An 'early' phase of learning is identified, which is supported by expository learning, whereas a 'late' phase of learning, also identified, is supported by a combination of discovery- and inquiry based learning. A possible 'future' phase of learning is also described, where it is anticipated students could develop their process simulation skills further. These phases of learning are noted and observed to be linked with various stages of skill acquisition and cognition. The learning process is also supported by a range of factors, including student meta-cognition, motivation and knowledge development but hindered by a number of potential obstacles. Overall, the findings, supported by student quotations, provide a rich picture of how students can progress through successive levels of skill development in process simulation, forming a proposed learning model for process simulation pedagogy. (C) 2016 Institution of Chemical Engineers. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
1	"Bender, C., et al. (2009). Students' Self-Reported Changes in Intercultural Knowledge and Competence Associated with Three Undergraduate Science Experiences."" Frontiers: The Interdisciplinary Journal of Study Abroad 18: 307-321."""	160	"Bender, C., et al. (2009). """"Students' Self-Reported Changes in Intercultural Knowledge and Competence Associated with Three Undergraduate Science Experiences."""" Frontiers: The Interdisciplinary Journal of Study Abroad 18: 307-321."""""	" Study abroad is the latest ""must have"""" experience for undergraduate students according to an article in the November 4, 2007 """"New York Times"""" (Pappano, 2007). University mission statements increasingly emphasize internationalization and employers increasingly seek graduates with experience in the global arena. This focus on international experience has led to the development of a variety of models for study abroad, including research abroad programs. To assess the value of an international research experience for undergraduates, the authors examined the impact of two international programs on their respective participants and compared these to the gains achieved by students participating in research on their home campus. They surveyed students from two study abroad programs along with a comparison group of students doing research on the University of Arizona (UA) campus. The two study abroad programs were the Biomedical Research Abroad: Vistas Open (BRAVO!) Program and the Semester at Sea (SAS) Program. Subjects for the domestic comparison group were recruited from the UA Undergraduate Biology Research Program (UBRP). The authors provide a brief description of each program, then go on to discuss more specific conclusions they draw from their data, based on classifying the data into Meyers-Lee and Evans's three categories of direct impact of international experience: (1) gains in disciplinary knowledge""  (2) intercultural competence  and (3) social growth. (Contains 1 figure and 4 tables.)"""
0	"Benish, S. G., et al. (2011). Culturally adapted psychotherapy and the legitimacy of myth: A direct-comparison meta-analysis."" Journal of Counseling Psychology 58(3): 279-289."""	161	"Benish, S. G., et al. (2011). """"Culturally adapted psychotherapy and the legitimacy of myth: A direct-comparison meta-analysis."""" Journal of Counseling Psychology 58(3): 279-289."""""	" Psychotherapy is a culturally encapsulated healing practice that is created from and dedicated to specific cultural contexts (Frank & Frank, 1993  Wampold, 2007  Wrenn, 1962). Consequently, conventional psychotherapy is a practice most suitable for dominant cultural groups within North America and Western Europe but may be culturally incongruent with the values and worldviews of ethnic and racial minority groups (e.g., D. W. Sue, Arredondo, & McDavis, 1992). Culturally adapted psychotherapy has been reported in a previous meta-analysis as more effective for ethnic and racial minorities than a set of heterogeneous control conditions (Griner & Smith, 2006), but the relative efficacy of culturally adapted psychotherapy versus unadapted, bona fide psychotherapy remains unestablished. Furthermore, one particular form of adaptation involving the explanation of illness—known in an anthropological context as the illness myth of universal healing practices (Frank & Frank, 1993)—may be responsible for the differences in outcomes between adapted and unadapted treatments for ethnic and racial minority clients. The present multilevel-model, direct-comparison meta-analysis of published and unpublished studies confirms that culturally adapted psychotherapy is more effective than unadapted, bona fide psychotherapy by d = 0.32 for primary measures of psychological functioning. Adaptation of the illness myth was the sole moderator of superior outcomes via culturally adapted psychotherapy (d = 0.21). Implications of myth adaptation in culturally adapted psychotherapy for future research, training, and practice are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Bennett, S., et al. (2013). Mentorship in African health research training programs: An exploratory study of Fogarty International Center programs in Kenya and Uganda."" Education for Health: Change in Learning & Practice 26(3): 183-187."""	163	"Bennett, S., et al. (2013). """"Mentorship in African health research training programs: An exploratory study of Fogarty International Center programs in Kenya and Uganda."""" Education for Health: Change in Learning & Practice 26(3): 183-187."""""	" Introduction: Mentorship is a critical element of capacity-building for health research as it can support career counseling, promote interest in health research and build professional networks. Few studies of mentorship have taken place in low- and middle-income countries. This paper explores the mentorship dimension of the Fogarty International Center's (FIC) support to research training in Kenya and Uganda. Methods: This exploratory study documents the nature of mentoring that occurred within FIC programs, considers the outcomes of mentoring, and the strengths and weaknesses of FIC trainee mentorship during and after training. Two case studies were conducted, at the University of Nairobi in Kenya and Makerere University in Uganda. Semi-structured interviews were conducted with former trainees, principal investigators and institutional leaders, exploring their perceptions of mentoring and its effects. Results:Mentoring aspects of FIC programs were highly valued. Respondents felt that following formal training in the US there was much still to learn about conducting research, and mentoring relationships provided support in applying for and implementing research grants. Mentoring arrangements were initially with US collaborators, but over time relationships with senior African colleagues became critical, particularly in terms of navigating university administrative systems. Mentees were typically highly motivated to pass their skills on to others, and became eager mentors later in their careers. A minority of respondents raised concerns about directive approaches to mentorship that reflect more hierarchical rather than egalitarian approaches. Discussion: Mentorship during and after FIC research training programs, while largely informal in nature, appears to have very positive impacts upon career development and inclination to remain in health research. Local African mentors often play a critical mentorship role, and their contributions should be better recognized. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Bennett, S., et al. (2013). The impact of Fogarty International Center research training programs on public health policy and program development in Kenya and Uganda."" BMC Public Health 13."""	162	"Bennett, S., et al. (2013). """"The impact of Fogarty International Center research training programs on public health policy and program development in Kenya and Uganda."""" BMC Public Health 13."""""	" Background: The Fogarty International Center (FIC) has supported research capacity development for over twenty years. While the mission of FIC is supporting and facilitating global health research conducted by U.S. and international investigators, building partnerships between health research institutions in the U.S. and abroad, and training the next generation of scientists to address global health needs, research capacity may impact health policies and programs and therefore have positive impacts on public health. We conducted an exploratory analysis of how FIC research training investments affected public health policy and program development in Kenya and Uganda. Methods: We explored the long term impacts of all FIC supported research training programs using case studies, in Kenya and Uganda. Semi-structured in-depth interviews were conducted with 53 respondents and 29 focus group discussion participants across the two countries. Qualitative methods were supplemented by structured surveys of trainees and document review, including a review of evidence cited in policy documents. Results: In the primary focal areas of FIC grants, notably HIV/AIDS, there were numerous examples of work conducted by former FIC trainees that influenced national and global policies. Facilitators for this influence included the strong technical skills and scientific reputations of the trainees, and professional networks spanning research and policy communities. Barriers included the fact that trainees typically had not received training in research communication, relatively few policy makers had received scientific training, and institutional constraints that undermined alignment of research with policy needs. Conclusions: While FIC has not focused its programs on the goal of policy and program influence, its investments have affected global and national public health policies and practice. These influences have occurred primarily through strengthening research skills of scientists and developing strong in-country networks. Further success of FIC and similar initiatives could be stimulated by investing more in the training of policy-makers, seeking to better align research with policy needs through more grants that are awarded directly to developing country institutions, and grants that better incorporate policy maker perspectives in their design and governance. Addressing structural constraints, for example supporting the development of national research agendas that inform university research, would further support such efforts."""
0	"Berman, J. E. and T. Pitman (2010). Occupying a 'third space': research trained professional staff in Australian universities."" Higher Education 60(2): 157-169."""	164	"Berman, J. E. and T. Pitman (2010). """"Occupying a 'third space': research trained professional staff in Australian universities."""" Higher Education 60(2): 157-169."""""	" Despite the expansion and professionalisation of university administration over the past 20 years there has been no scholarly study on the extent to which universities, which promote the value of generic skills from research degrees to prospective research students and their employers, capitalize on the research and transferable skills of PhD graduates later employed in the university sector as professional staff. Findings from this study of research-trained professional staff at one research-intensive Australian university suggests that these professionals are using their research and generic skills in management roles, to the benefit of the university. In the context of the knowledge based economy, this study suggests that universities could benefit from actively targeting the products of their own system for professional roles."""
0	"Bernold, L. E. (2007). Preparedness of engineering freshman to inquiry-based learning."" Journal of Professional Issues in Engineering Education and Practice 133(2): 99-106."""	165	"Bernold, L. E. (2007). """"Preparedness of engineering freshman to inquiry-based learning."""" Journal of Professional Issues in Engineering Education and Practice 133(2): 99-106."""""	" Educational experts, past and present, urge engineering colleges nationwide to transform their pedagogical paradigm from a predominantly lecture- to an inquiry-based teaching approach. Written comments by two seniors, deploring having to read and write in a required course of an ABET accredited program, highlight a common expectation of today's students. Presented are the disturbing results of a survey that assessed the level of learning skills exhibited by 1,020 engineering freshmen. Time management not only surfaced as needing drastic remediation but it also correlated with the level of students' motivation to succeed in college. Problems with poor time management were listed by 25% of the freshman cohort at the end of the first semester. From monitoring the submittals of online homework it was learned that timeliness corresponded with the final grade achieved in a course. The work presented in this paper indicates that universities need not only to address the students' learning preferences but also equip them with the skills necessary to engage actively in the knowledge-building process, a necessary sea-change in engineering education."""
0	"Beskow, L. M. and E. Dean (2008). Informed consent for biorepositories: Assessing prospective participants' understanding and opinions."" Cancer Epidemiology Biomarkers & Prevention 17(6): 1440-1451."""	166	"Beskow, L. M. and E. Dean (2008). """"Informed consent for biorepositories: Assessing prospective participants' understanding and opinions."""" Cancer Epidemiology Biomarkers & Prevention 17(6): 1440-1451."""""	" Purpose: Obtaining informed consent for the collection, storage, and future research use of biospecimens is challenging, as potentially complex and controversial information must be communicated clearly. We gathered input on a consent template developed for the Duke Biorepository from individuals representative of those who might one day consider contributing specimens. Methods: Forty subjects were recruited from the Durham, NC area and screened to achieve diversity by race/ethnicity, education, age, and sex. Cognitive interviews assessed participants' (a) understanding of information in the template, and (b) opinions about that information. Participants also completed a survey assessing trust in medical researchers. Results: Interviewees seemed to understand the template. Although responses were diverse, majority views emerged: more than half were comfortable with indefinite biospecimen storage, periodic contact to update information and to inform participants of additional research opportunities, the prospect that commercial products could be developed, and the fact that profits would not be shared. More than half were willing to provide medical record access, although this was a primary concern for others. More than two thirds were comfortable with not receiving individual research results as a matter of routine, but many thought they should be informed of findings with serious health implications. Lack of trust in researchers was associated with declining certain consent options. Conclusions: Protecting and promoting trust in research is essential to fostering widespread participation in biorepositories. Biorepositories should also devise ways to communicate clearly about the research being conducted and what is being learned."""
0	"Bhardwaj, V., et al. (2011). The effect of Indian consumers' life satisfaction on brand behavior toward a U.S. global brand."" Journal of International Consumer Marketing 23(2): 105-116."""	167	"Bhardwaj, V., et al. (2011). """"The effect of Indian consumers' life satisfaction on brand behavior toward a U.S. global brand."""" Journal of International Consumer Marketing 23(2): 105-116."""""	" Consumers in developing countries are experiencing improved standards of living and lifestyle and exhibiting a desire to consume global brands. This study examined the effect of life satisfaction of Indian consumers on brand consciousness and brand-specific variables (i.e., perceived quality, emotional value, brand loyalty) for a global apparel brand (i.e., Levi’s). A total of 411 college students in Mumbai, India, participated in the survey. This study found that Indian consumers’ life satisfaction positively influenced their brand consciousness, in turn, influencing perceived quality and emotional value for the global brand  however, the effect of brand consciousness on brand loyalty was not significant. Managerial implications for global retailers who plan to enter the Indian market as well as future research opportunities are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Bhasin, S. (2016). A Perspective on the Evolving Landscape in Male Reproductive Medicine."" Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism 101(3): 827-836."""	168	"Bhasin, S. (2016). """"A Perspective on the Evolving Landscape in Male Reproductive Medicine."""" Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism 101(3): 827-836."""""	" Context: Men's health and aging are emerging as important areas of research opportunity because of advances in reproductive biology and the recognition of men's health as a unique and important aspect of public health. Evidence Acquisition: A perspective of the evolving landscape in male reproductive medicine. Evidence Synthesis: Remarkable discoveries in reproductive biology have greatly advanced the treatment of erectile dysfunction, androgen deficiency, infertility, hormone sensitive cancers, and prostate diseases. Although the off-label use of testosterone in middle-aged and older men has grown, the management of androgen deficiency syndromes remains suboptimal. There is a pressing need for wider adoption of accurate testosterone assays and harmonized reference ranges and large randomized trials of testosterone's efficacy and cardiovascular and prostate safety. The transformation in idealized body image towards greater muscularity has contributed to increasing prevalence of body image disorders and the use of muscle building drugs in men. Therapeutic options for fertility regulation in men remain limited, the pathophysiologic basis of infertility in a vast majority of infertile men remains unknown, and assisted reproductive technologies remain inaccessible to many infertile men. Much of the dogma on testosterone's binding to its binding proteins remains inaccurate, and the role of free and albumin-bound testosterone poorly understood. The reproductive health of cancer survivors and the availability of wider contraceptive choices for men are other areas of unmet need. Suboptimal care of transgender persons has framed transgender medicine as an important healthcare disparities issue. Conclusions: Transformative changes in societal attitudes towards men's sexual health, body image, and gender identity, and in the economics of reproductive healthcare services, offer extraordinary opportunities for translational science that is patient focused, mechanism based, and integrated with healthcare."""
0	"Bhat, V., et al. (2014). Research-track programs for residents in psychiatry: A review of literature and a report of 3 Canadian experiences."" The Canadian Journal of Psychiatry / La Revue canadienne de psychiatrie 59(5): 268-275."""	169	"Bhat, V., et al. (2014). """"Research-track programs for residents in psychiatry: A review of literature and a report of 3 Canadian experiences."""" The Canadian Journal of Psychiatry / La Revue canadienne de psychiatrie 59(5): 268-275."""""	" Objectives: Clinician-scientists occupy an interesting position at the interface between science and care, and have a role to play in bridging the 2 valleys between fundamental and clinical research, and between clinical research and clinical practice. However, research training during medical residency for future clinician scientists is an important but challenging process. Our article, written by residents and directors of research-track (RT) programs, aimed at reviewing literature on RT programs for residents, and describing the organization of RT programs at 3 Canadian universities (the University of British Columbia, the University of Toronto, and McGill University). Methods: A systematic MEDLINE search was conducted for the review section. Psychiatry program directors in Canada were also contacted to provide information about potential RT programs. Results: Twenty articles were related to resident RT programs in medicine, including 6 in psychiatry. Moreover, 5 out of 16 Canadian programs were found to offer a formal RT program, of which 3 are described here. Most reviewed articles described the program organization, while only one provided an outcome assessment with evidence of increased scholarly activity following RT implementation. Conclusions: Our article sheds light on postgraduate programs aiming at facilitating the dual training of future clinician-scientists, and developed during the last 10 years. It also highlights the lack of outcome assessment, and the paucity of guidelines to organize these programs in relation to the national requirements. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Bhattacharya, J. and M. Packalen (2011). Opportunities and benefits as determinants of the direction of scientific research."" Journal of Health Economics 30(4): 603-615."""	170	"Bhattacharya, J. and M. Packalen (2011). """"Opportunities and benefits as determinants of the direction of scientific research."""" Journal of Health Economics 30(4): 603-615."""""	" Scientific research and private-sector technological innovation differ in objectives, constraints, and organizational forms. Scientific research may thus not be driven by the direct practical benefit to others in the way that private-sector innovation is. Alternatively, some - yet largely unexplored - mechanisms drive the direction of scientific research to respond to the expected public benefit. We test these two competing hypotheses of scientific research. This is important because any coherent specification of what constitutes the socially optimal allocation of research requires that scientists take the public practical benefit of their work into account in setting their agenda. We examine whether the composition of medical research responds to changes in disease prevalence, while accounting for the quality of available research opportunities. We match biomedical publications data with disease prevalence data and develop new methods for estimating the quality of research opportunities from textual information and structural productivity parameters. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
0	"Bidell, M. P. and J. S. Whitman (2013). A review of lesbian, gay, and bisexual affirmative counseling assessments."" Counseling Outcome Research and Evaluation 4(2): 112-126."""	171	"Bidell, M. P. and J. S. Whitman (2013). """"A review of lesbian, gay, and bisexual affirmative counseling assessments."""" Counseling Outcome Research and Evaluation 4(2): 112-126."""""	" Three recently developed lesbian, gay, and bisexual (LGB) counselor assessments are addressing long-standing mental health disparities and advancing LGB affirmative research, training, and practice. However, no comprehensive review of LGB instrumentation has been conducted. Addressing this need, the authors review the (a) LGB Affirmative Counseling Self-Efficacy Inventory (Dillon & Worthington, 2003), (b) Sexual Orientation Counselor Competency Scale (Bidell, 2005), and (c) LGB Working Alliance Self-Efficacy Scale (Burkard, Pruitt, Medler, & Stark-Booth, 2009). Each assessment is reviewed in terms of development, psychometric properties, limitations, and use in research. Implications and recommendations regarding LGB affirmative counselor competency are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		172	"Bierer, S. B. and H. Carrie Chen (2010). """"How to measure success: The impact of scholarly concentrations on students—A literature review."""" Academic Medicine 85(3): 438-452."""""	" Purpose: Scholarly concentrations (SCs) are elective or required curricular experiences that give students opportunities to study subjects in-depth beyond the conventional medical curriculum and require them to complete an independent scholarly project. This literature review explores the question, 'What impact do SC programs have on medical students?' Method: In 2008, the authors retrieved published articles using Medline, ERIC, and PsycINFO electronic databases and scanned reference lists to locate additional citations. They extracted data from selected articles using a structured form and used Kirkpatrick's evaluation model to organize learner outcomes into four categories: reactions, learning, behavior, and results. Results: Of 1,640 citations, 82 full-text papers were considered, and 39 studies met inclusion criteria. Most articles described SC programs that offered students research opportunities. Fourteen articles provided evidence that SC experiences influenced students' choice of clinical specialty or fostered their interest in research. Eight articles reported that SCs improved students' understanding of research principles and methods. Nineteen articles reported publications and presentations to document students' ability to apply acquired knowledge and skills. Twelve studies confirmed the entry of SC graduates into academic medicine with continued engagement in research or success in obtaining grant funding. Students' criticisms focused on requiring research during clinical training and the effort needed to complete scholarly projects. Conclusions: The diversity of articles and variable results prevent definitive conclusions about the value of SCs. Findings suggest several implications for future SC program evaluations and educational research. The authors advocate increased rigor in evaluation designs to demonstrate SCs' true impact. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Biggers, M. and C. T. Forbes (2012). Balancing Teacher and Student Roles in Elementary Classrooms: Preservice elementary teachers' learning about the inquiry continuum."" International Journal of Science Education 34(14): 2205-2229."""	173	"Biggers, M. and C. T. Forbes (2012). """"Balancing Teacher and Student Roles in Elementary Classrooms: Preservice elementary teachers' learning about the inquiry continuum."""" International Journal of Science Education 34(14): 2205-2229."""""	" Using the National Research Council's inquiry continuum framework, we use a multiple-case study research design to investigate the teacher-and student-directedness of elementary preservice teachers' planned and enacted science lessons and their pedagogical reasoning about science instruction during a semester-long science methods course. Our specific research questions were (1) What ideas do elementary preservice teachers bring to a science teaching methods course about the inquiry continuum? and (2) How do their ideas about the inquiry continuum change over the course of the semester through engaging in planning, enactment, and reflection upon science instruction? Participants' course artifacts (journals, reflective teaching assignments, and lesson plan rationales), interviews, and field observations of their enacted science lessons served as data for this study. Findings show that although the preservice teachers began the semester defining inquiry as highly student-directed, their ideas and definitions broadened over the course of the semester to include and embrace more teacher-directed forms of inquiry. Their early science lessons were more student-directed but, as they encountered challenges engaging in inquiry-based instruction and increasingly emphasized students' learning needs, they began to plan and enact lessons that were more teacher-directed. Teacher education programs need to explicitly emphasize these variations of inquiry as a core component of supporting preservice teachers' learning to teach science as inquiry."""
0	"Binda, L., et al. (2007). NON-DESTRUCTIVE TESTING TECHNIQUES APPLIED FOR DIAGNOSTIC INVESTIGATION: SYRACUSE CATHEDRAL IN SICILY, ITALY."" International Journal of Architectural Heritage 1(4): 380-402."""	174	"Binda, L., et al. (2007). """"NON-DESTRUCTIVE TESTING TECHNIQUES APPLIED FOR DIAGNOSTIC INVESTIGATION: SYRACUSE CATHEDRAL IN SICILY, ITALY."""" International Journal of Architectural Heritage 1(4): 380-402."""""	" The long-term research experience of the authors has highlighted the importance of gaining knowledge of the building through experimental investigation. Recently the authors intensively studied the Syracuse Cathedral (Sicily, Italy) to evaluate the structural state of the preservation of the pillars. The Cathedral of Syracuse was built in different phases on an ancient Greek temple from the fifth century BC and modified throughout later centuries. The pillars of the central nave, obtained by cutting the temple cell walls, show a complex situation of damage and repairs. An investigation program (including radar, sonic, and ultrasonic tests, for example) has been recently planned, aimed to design the preservation and restoration actions. An accurate geometric survey of the surface problems and defects allowed the localization of the most damaged area, suggesting the need for further control by non-destructive testing (NDT). The results obtained from this survey were compared with the results of the other type of tests, and the elaborated data will be used to implement an analytical model for the study of the seismic vulnerability. The preliminary results of the experimental investigation carried out by the authors are presented in this article."""
0	"Biondi-Zoccai, G., et al. (2015). An International Survey on Taking Up a Career in Cardiovascular Research: Opportunities and Biases toward Would-Be Physician-Scientists."" Plos One 10(7)."""	175	"Biondi-Zoccai, G., et al. (2015). """"An International Survey on Taking Up a Career in Cardiovascular Research: Opportunities and Biases toward Would-Be Physician-Scientists."""" Plos One 10(7)."""""	" Background Cardiovascular research is the main shaper of clinical evidence underpinning decision making, with its cyclic progression of junior researchers to mature faculty members. Despite efforts at improving cardiovascular research training, several unmet needs persist. We aimed to appraise current perceptions on cardiovascular research training with an international survey. Methods and Results We administered a 20-closed-question survey to mentors and mentees belonging to different international institutions. A total of 247 (12%) surveys were available (out of 2,000 invitations). Overall, mentees and mentors were reasonably satisfied with the educational and research resources. Significant differences were found analyzing results according to gender, geographic area, training and full-time researcher status. Specifically, women proved significantly less satisfied than men, disclosed access to fewer resources and less support from mentors (all P<0.05). People working in institutions not located in North America or Northern/Central Europe were significantly less satisfied and disclosed much less support (both P<0.05). Those in training reported limited opportunities for collaboration (P = 0.009), and non-full-time researchers disclosed more limited access to tutors and formal grant writing training (both P<0.05). Conclusions Several potential biases appear to be present in the way training in cardiovascular research is provided worldwide, including one against women. If confirmed, these data require proactive measures to decrease discriminations and improve the cardiovascular research training quality."""
0	"Birchwood, M., et al. (2012). Personal Beliefs About Illness Questionnaire‐Revised (PBIQ-R): Reliability and validation in a first episode sample."" British Journal of Clinical Psychology 51(4): 448-458."""	176	"Birchwood, M., et al. (2012). """"Personal Beliefs About Illness Questionnaire‐Revised (PBIQ-R): Reliability and validation in a first episode sample."""" British Journal of Clinical Psychology 51(4): 448-458."""""	" Objective: To further develop the Personal Beliefs about Illness Questionnaire (PBIQ), which reflects current constructs of social rank theory in relation to people experiencing psychosis. Method: Drawing on extensive clinical and research experience and after consultation with other mental health professionals and service users, 17 new items were added to 12 from the original 16 PBIQ questions. These made up five theoretical constructs (entrapment, loss, social marginalization, shame, and control). A total of 150 people who had just experienced a first episode of psychosis completed the newly devised PBIQ-R. To test the validity of its five subscales, a small sub-sample (N = 66) for whom follow-up data was available also completed measures of depression, insight, and other social rank appraisals. Results: All five subscales of the PBIQ-R were found to be reliable, valid, and sensitive to change. Conclusions: Although the PBIQ-R was not designed to produce an overall ‘personal beliefs about illness’ score, its five subscales provide a rapid and valid method to assess and measure common psychological reactions to a first episode of psychosis. It will have relevance for use in older, multiple episode samples although further validation may be needed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Birkballe, S., et al. (2012). A new concept of a multidisciplinary lymphoedema centre: established in connection to a department of dermatology and the Copenhagen Wound Healing Center."" British Journal of Dermatology 167(1): 116-122."""	177	"Birkballe, S., et al. (2012). """"A new concept of a multidisciplinary lymphoedema centre: established in connection to a department of dermatology and the Copenhagen Wound Healing Center."""" British Journal of Dermatology 167(1): 116-122."""""	" Background Lymphoedema is increasingly recognized as a significant problem in healthcare. The number of patients is growing, posing a future challenge to healthcare systems and economics. Over the past decade, specialized lymphoedema management has been established around the world to accommodate the growing demands. However, information on organization, experiences and outcome are scarce. Objectives To conduct a clinical perspective analysis describing the establishment, organization, function and results of a new, multidisciplinary lymphoedema centre functioning as a university hospital unit in connection to a department of dermatology and the Copenhagen Wound Healing Center and integrated as a national expert function in the public healthcare organization of Denmark. Methods Data were collected following the establishment of a lymphoedema centre based on the structured, multidisciplinary organization of lymphoedema management. Results During the first 4.5 years a total of 8058 patient consultations were performed. The mean duration of symptoms at the first visit was 19 years (range 1-67) and 31% of patients had never received any diagnosis or treatment prior to referral. Complications were found in 48% of referred patients. All patients received appropriate diagnostic investigations and treatment according to best practice. Multidisciplinary assessment involving four or more different healthcare professions was needed in 86% of cases. Research opportunities and expert education of staff were enhanced. Conclusions A multidisciplinary lymphoedema centre improves management, knowledge and awareness of lymphoedema. This model, with minor adjustments, may be applicable for other regions and countries."""
0	"Birks, M., et al. (2008). Memoing in qualitative research: Probing data and processes."" Journal of Research in Nursing 13(1): 68-75."""	178	"Birks, M., et al. (2008). """"Memoing in qualitative research: Probing data and processes."""" Journal of Research in Nursing 13(1): 68-75."""""	" This paper explores memoing in the context of qualitative research methodologies. The functions of memos in the research process are discussed and a number of techniques for employing memo writing to enhance the research experience and outcomes are examined. Memoing is often discussed in the literature as a technique employed in grounded theory research, yet there is limited exploration of the value of memo writing in qualitative methodologies generally. Memoing serves to assist the researcher in making conceptual leaps from raw data to those abstractions that explain research phenomena in the context in which it is examined. Memos can be effectively employed by both the novice and experienced researcher as a procedural and analytical strategy throughout the research process. Data exploration is enhanced, continuity of conception and contemplation is enabled and communication is facilitated through the use of memoing. While guidelines exist to aid in the production and use of memos, memoing remains a flexible strategy wherein the process of construction and nature of content is determined by the preferences and abilities of the researcher and the aims and focus of the specific research study. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Bishop, K. (2014). Challenging Research: Completing Participatory Social Research with Children and Adolescents in a Hospital Setting."" Herd-Health Environments Research & Design Journal 7(2): 76-91."""	179	"Bishop, K. (2014). """"Challenging Research: Completing Participatory Social Research with Children and Adolescents in a Hospital Setting."""" Herd-Health Environments Research & Design Journal 7(2): 76-91."""""	" OBJECTIVE: A discussion of the challenges to completing participatory social research with children and adolescents in a hospital setting. BACKGROUND: Beginning with the dominant medical culture of hospitals, coupled with a persistent skepticism of social and in particular, qualitative research and its contribution to knowledge in medical circles, restrictive contextual challenges also include attitudinal, methodological, and logistical considerations. Together, these challenges hamper good participatory research practice and the capacity to maintain quality data, as well as impede children's participation in research, which has the capacity to contribute to healthcare design, policy, and planning processes. METHODS: Two studies in pediatric settings in Australia, one of which was completed in 2008 and the other which was discontinued in 2011, provide the basis for this research discussion. The discussion addresses the issues that persist in inhibiting the completion of participatory social research and the resulting impacts on research, children's right to participate, and the volume of evidence that is ultimately available from children's perspectives to support and inform healthcare design, planning, and policy in pediatric settings. CONCLUSIONS: Recommendations for changes that could strengthen and improve this research experience include building awareness of the potential value of this research  increasing its influence  building the capacity and knowledge of gatekeepers, ethics committees, and researchers working in this context  and recognizing and valuing children's competence and participation."""
1	"Bishop, M. P. (2009). International Multidisciplinary Research and Education: A Mountain Geography Perspective."" Journal of Geography 108(3): 112-120."""	180	"Bishop, M. P. (2009). """"International Multidisciplinary Research and Education: A Mountain Geography Perspective."""" Journal of Geography 108(3): 112-120."""""	" Collaborative international research projects represent excellent opportunities for students to obtain unique and life-altering educational experiences. Dynamic interactions with people from a variety of countries, institutions, and departments, in diverse situations, provides students with new perspectives, encourages them to operate in a multidisciplinary environment, and facilitates real-world problem solving. This article discusses important concepts and issues in geographic education that are based upon real-world experiences in the Himalaya Mountains of India and Pakistan, involving undergraduate, graduate, and postdoctoral research assistants. Multidisciplinary research/education activities reveal the importance of geography in problem solving and scientific inquiry. This work also highlights numerous issues and curriculum challenges required to establish a scientific foundation in geography, as traditional empirical approaches to geographic education and research frequently hide the complexities of dynamic systems and our world. Students require a multitude of perspectives that incorporate cultural and communication experiences, knowledge synthesis, field and laboratory work, and real-world problem solving. International research experiences can address some of these requirements, so that students can effectively solve problems in an increasingly international and multidisciplinary world. This personal article incorporates numerous examples from physical geography and geographic information science. (Contains 4 figures.)"""
0	"Bisschoff, T. and C. Govender (2007). A Management Framework for Training Providers to Improve Workplace Skills Development in South Africa."" Education, Knowledge & Economy: A Journal for Education and Social Enterprise 1(1): 37-49."""	181	"Bisschoff, T. and C. Govender (2007). """"A Management Framework for Training Providers to Improve Workplace Skills Development in South Africa."""" Education, Knowledge & Economy: A Journal for Education and Social Enterprise 1(1): 37-49."""""	" Deputy President, Ms Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka, says a skills revolution is necessary for South Africa's (SA) skills crisis. The SA skills revolution began with the skills legislation of 1998-1999 when the Departments of Labour and Education intended a seamless, integrated approach to rapid skills development. The National Skills Development Strategy, the Sector Education and Training Providers, the South African Qualifications Authorities and the National Qualifications Framework were established to drive the human resource and skills development revolutionary strategy. The purpose of this paper is to present the findings of the 2001-2003 research investigating an internal management framework for training providers, employers and managers to accelerate workplace skills development. An integrated, multimethod research model was employed to gather empirical evidence on skills practices. A robust quantitative survey was conducted within 600 organisations. Simultaneously, rich, descriptive data were gathered from managers and employees using a structured qualitative interview strategy. The integrated data pool was factor analysed. The research findings, conclusion and recommended framework were reported in a PhD thesis. The research findings reveal major gaps in the effectiveness of SA training providers to radically accelerate and improve workplace skills development as per national skills legislation, implementation and management criteria. If the skills revolution in SA is to succeed, training providers, in particular, must become less complacent, more assertive and fully equipped when participating in the skills development arena. Via this research, training providers will gain critical, reflective insight into their management framework for meeting skills legislative criteria and for managing training interventions and skills projects. (Contains 3 tables and 23 resources.)"""
0	"Black, A. T., et al. (2016). Promoting Evidence-Based Practice Through a Research Training Program for Point-of-Care Clinicians."" Journal of Nursing Administration 46(10): S36-S42."""	183	"Black, A. T., et al. (2016). """"Promoting Evidence-Based Practice Through a Research Training Program for Point-of-Care Clinicians."""" Journal of Nursing Administration 46(10): S36-S42."""""	" OBJECTIVES: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of a research training program on clinicians' knowledge, attitudes, and practices related to research and evidence-based practice (EBP). BACKGROUND: EBP has been shown to improve patient care and outcomes. Innovative approaches are needed to overcome individual and organizational barriers to EBP. METHODS: Mixed-methods design was used to evaluate a research training intervention with point-of-care clinicians in a Canadian urban health organization. Participants completed the Knowledge, Attitudes, and Practice Survey over 3 timepoints. Focus groups and interviews were also conducted. RESULTS: Statistically significant improvement in research knowledge and ability was demonstrated. Participants and administrators identified benefits of the training program, including the impact on EBP. CONCLUSIONS: Providing research training opportunities to point-of-care clinicians is a promising strategy for healthcare organizations seeking to promote EBP, empower clinicians, and showcase excellence in clinical research."""
0	"Black, A. T., et al. (2016). Understanding Mentorship in a Research Training Program for Point-of-Care Clinicians."" Journal of Nursing Administration 46(9): 444-448."""	182	"Black, A. T., et al. (2016). """"Understanding Mentorship in a Research Training Program for Point-of-Care Clinicians."""" Journal of Nursing Administration 46(9): 444-448."""""	" Evidence-based practice (EBP) is essential to high-quality patient care and can contribute to healthcare cost savings, yet nurses and other clinicians at the point of care report barriers to engagement with research and translating it to the clinical setting. Mentorship has been shown to improve nurses' understanding and implementation of EBP. In this article, we describe a mentorship model in a successful program to support point-of-care nurses in conducting small-scale research projects, many of which have led to practice changes and/or cost savings."""
0	"Blaj-Ward, L. (2011). Skills versus Pedagogy? Doctoral Research Training in the UK Arts and Humanities."" Higher Education Research and Development 30(6): 697-708."""	184	"Blaj-Ward, L. (2011). """"Skills versus Pedagogy? Doctoral Research Training in the UK Arts and Humanities."""" Higher Education Research and Development 30(6): 697-708."""""	" The traditional ""lone scholar"""" view of an Arts and Humanities doctoral student sits uneasily with the skills-based discourse underpinning policies aimed at enhancing researcher development and employability. This paper reports on a case study of a research training programme for doctoral students in the Arts and Humanities at a UK university. It calls for the embedding of the generic skills agenda within a more clearly articulated pedagogic discourse and formulates four pedagogic principles for research training programme design. Additionally, the paper problematises the research trainer role and highlights the importance of paying attention to the students' own learning agendas and the learning value they are prepared to derive from training. (Contains 2 notes and 1 table.)"""""
0	"Blanchard, M. R., et al. (2009). No Silver Bullet for Inquiry: Making Sense of Teacher Change Following an Inquiry-Based Research Experience for Teachers."" Science Education 93(2): 322-360."""	185	"Blanchard, M. R., et al. (2009). """"No Silver Bullet for Inquiry: Making Sense of Teacher Change Following an Inquiry-Based Research Experience for Teachers."""" Science Education 93(2): 322-360."""""	" Inquiry is seen as central to the reform of science teaching and learning, but few teachers have experience with scientific inquiry and thus possess very naive conceptions of it. One promising form of professional development, research experiences for teachers (RETs), allows teachers to experience scientific inquiry in the hopes that these experiences will then translate to inquiry in the classroom. As intuitively pleasing as these programs are, scant evidence documents their effectiveness. For this study, four secondary science teachers were followed back to their classrooms following a 6-week, marine ecology RET. The research employed qualitative and quantitative data collection to answer these questions: What were the teachers' initial conceptions and enactment of classroom inquiry, and how did they change after the RET?  How did changes in the nature and use of questions highlight changes in inquiry enactment?  and How were the teachers' changes linked to the RET and are there changes that cannot be explained by the RET experience? Teachers who entered the program with more sophisticated, theory-based understanding of teaching and learning were more apt to understand inquiry as a model and to use classroom-based inquiry throughout their teaching following the program. Implications for professional development are discussed. (Contains 1 figure and 8 tables.)"""
0	"Blangy, S., et al. (2012). Developing a geocollaboratory for Indigenous tourism research."" Current Issues in Tourism 15(7): 693-706."""	186	"Blangy, S., et al. (2012). """"Developing a geocollaboratory for Indigenous tourism research."""" Current Issues in Tourism 15(7): 693-706."""""	" Collaboratories have been defined as virtual places where collaborative research can be undertaken. As part of the Aboriginal Tourism Network (ABORINET), a geocollaboratory was developed to support Indigenous tourism research. Indigenous communities are culturally distinct and remotely located and this presents geographic and sociocultural constraints when conducting research on issues affecting these communities. ABORINET's development focused on the specific goal of enabling collaboration between researchers and Indigenous peoples on issues related to Indigenous tourism planning and management, and the general issue of enabling the sharing of differing knowledge and management approaches among research and Indigenous communities. The purpose was to develop a multi-scale and multi-method data collection and analysis protocol for better understanding Indigenous tourism in a way that supports multi-site and longitudinal comparisons, for connecting Indigenous communities across the world, and for sharing the results in ways that are meaningful to stakeholders within and beyond Indigenous communities. This paper outlines the development of the geocollaboratory and describes the lessons learned with specific attention afforded the geographical nature of the collaboratory. Recommendations for mitigating challenges are proposed and future research opportunities are identified."""
0	"Blankley, A. (2008). A conceptual model for evaluating the financial impact of supply chain management technology investments."" International Journal of Logistics Management 19(2): 155-182."""	187	"Blankley, A. (2008). """"A conceptual model for evaluating the financial impact of supply chain management technology investments."""" International Journal of Logistics Management 19(2): 155-182."""""	" Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to review the literature concerning supply chain management technology (SCMT) and financial performance, and to present a model for evaluating the financial performance benefits of investments in supply chain management technologies. The literature review and the associated model also lead to a discussion of opportunities for future research in the area. Design/methodology/approach - To develop the model, a comprehensive review of the literature investigating the financial performance benefits of SCMT and other closely-related information technologies, such as inter-organizational systems, was performed. Findings from the reviewed studies were assimilated and used as the basis for the proposed model and for recommended avenues of future research. Findings - The literature reviewed suggested that financial performance improvements from SCMT investments are derived from improvements in knowledge-intensive capabilities, which lead to improvements in operational capabilities, leading, in turn, to first-and second-order benefits. The ability to realize benefits is also influenced by a firm's position within the supply chain and exogenous economic forces. Originality/value - This paper contributes to the knowledge of how financial gains are realized as the result of investments in SCMT, and provides context within which future research efforts can be placed. Future research opportunities are also discussed."""
0	"Blevins, D., et al. (2010). Collaborative research between clinicians and researchers: a multiple case study of implementation."" Implementation Science 5."""	188	"Blevins, D., et al. (2010). """"Collaborative research between clinicians and researchers: a multiple case study of implementation."""" Implementation Science 5."""""	" Background: Bottom-up, clinician-conceived and directed clinical intervention research, coupled with collaboration from researcher experts, is conceptually endorsed by the participatory research movement. This report presents the findings of an evaluation of a program in the Veterans Health Administration meant to encourage clinician-driven research by providing resources believed to be critical. The evaluation focused on the extent to which funded projects: maintained integrity to their original proposals  were methodologically rigorous  were characterized by collaboration between partners  and resulted in sustained clinical impact. Methods: Researchers used quantitative (survey and archival) and qualitative (focus group) data to evaluate the implementation, evaluation, and sustainability of four clinical demonstration projects at four sites. Fourteen research center mentors and seventeen clinician researchers evaluated the level of collaboration using a six-dimensional model of participatory research. Results: Results yielded mixed findings. Qualitative and quantitative data suggested that although the process was collaborative, clinicians' prior research experience was critical to the quality of the projects. Several challenges were common across sites, including subject recruitment, administrative support and logistics, and subsequent dissemination. Only one intervention achieved lasting clinical effect beyond the active project period. Qualitative analyses identified barriers and facilitators and suggested areas to improve sustainability. Conclusions: Evaluation results suggest that this participatory research venture was successful in achieving clinician-directed collaboration, but did not produce sustainable interventions due to such implementation problems as lack of resources and administrative support."""
0	"Blissett, R., et al. (2009). Differential Factors That Influence Applicant Selection of a Prosthodontic Residency Program."" Journal of Prosthodontics-Implant Esthetic and Reconstructive Dentistry 18(3): 283-288."""	189	"Blissett, R., et al. (2009). """"Differential Factors That Influence Applicant Selection of a Prosthodontic Residency Program."""" Journal of Prosthodontics-Implant Esthetic and Reconstructive Dentistry 18(3): 283-288."""""	" Purpose: The main objectives of this study were to identify current prosthodontic resident demographics and to analyze factors that may influence applicants in selecting prosthodontics as a career, as well as a specific prosthodontic program. We also investigated the influence of age, gender, relationship status, and year in program on applicant decisions. Materials and Methods: Two questionnaires were mailed to all prosthodontic residents (N = 304) registered with the American College of Prosthodontists (ACP) Central Office. Part I assessed resident demographics and factors influencing choice of specialty. Part II assessed factors influencing the selection of a specific prosthodontic program. Results: Completed surveys were obtained from 193 of 304 (63.4%) of all prosthodontic residents registered at the ACP Central Office. The completed surveys represented approximately 48% of the total population of prosthodontic residents in the United States. Demographic data revealed that 37% and 62% of the respondents were female and male, respectively (1% did not report gender). The mean age of the respondents was 30.3 years. More residents reported being married than either single or in a relationship. Most residents were accepted to their top choice program. Part I of the survey revealed that the complexity and challenge of treatment planning/treatment, ability to lead multidisciplinary cases, possession of skills/talents suited to the specialty, enjoyment of clinical work, and the intellectual content of the specialty were reported to be the five most influential factors in choosing prosthodontics as a career. Part II demonstrated that applicants place a high emphasis on clinical education, their impression of the program director, advice from predoctoral mentors, their impression of resident satisfaction and happiness, and the opportunity to place dental implants. The factors of least importance are climate and opportunities to moonlight, teach, and conduct research. Conclusions: Dental students consider the complexity and challenge of treatment planning and execution of prosthodontic treatment to be the most important factors in the decision to specialize in prosthodontics. Mentors and predoctoral instructors also strongly influence students. Applicants consider clinical education to be the most important determinant in program selection, but are also influenced by their impression of the program director and his/her philosophy of training. Faculty board certification and the opportunity to place dental implants are also important factors. Relationship status can significantly affect an applicant's choice of program. Teaching and research opportunities appear to be of minor importance to applicants. These findings can be used by the ACP and/or program directors to understand which factors are important to students, enabling them to assess the compatibility of their programs with applicants and modify existing curricula to make their programs more attractive to top candidates."""
0	"Blitz, M. H. and M. Modeste (2015). The Differences across Distributed Leadership Practices by School Position According to the Comprehensive Assessment of Leadership for Learning (CALL)."" Leadership and Policy in Schools 14(3): 341-379."""	190	"Blitz, M. H. and M. Modeste (2015). """"The Differences across Distributed Leadership Practices by School Position According to the Comprehensive Assessment of Leadership for Learning (CALL)."""" Leadership and Policy in Schools 14(3): 341-379."""""	" The Comprehensive Assessment of Leadership for Learning (CALL) is a multi-source assessment of distributed instructional leadership. As part of the validation of CALL, researchers examined differences between teacher and leader ratings in assessing distributed leadership practices. The authors utilized a t-test for equality of means for the various responding groups on CALL and identified the areas of leadership practice that yielded the greatest and smallest differences between teacher and leader ratings. The authors discuss the similarities between leadership practices that yielded these differences. The authors discuss implications for leadership practice and suggest further research opportunities based on the findings."""
1	Bloemhof, B. (2014). MAKING THE CASE FOR INQUIRY-BASED TEACHING IN AN ECONOMICS CURRICULUM. Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 2: 413-428.	191	Bloemhof, B. (2014). MAKING THE CASE FOR INQUIRY-BASED TEACHING IN AN ECONOMICS CURRICULUM. Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 2: 413-428.	" Inquiry-based teaching can provide a number of proficiencies and skills that have been identified as desirable for undergraduates in economics. However, inquiry is apparently rarely used in economics contexts, perhaps because of the lack of an appropriate model. This chapter shares a model of inquiry developed for economics themes that is amenable to any year level, and provides some strategies for implementation based on insights from the literature and from successful use of inquiry in other disciplines at McMaster University. In my course, students experience considerable autonomy and formative feedback as they follow their curiosity, undertaking secondary research on a question of their own choice. Students develop critical thinking skills, information literacy, and proficiency with making and supporting arguments using economic reasoning and evidences. A number of observations are made about the challenges to extending inquiry-based learning as an alternative to the traditional lecture-based instruction that dominates in the economics discipline. However, the inevitability that students will practice ""thinking like an economist"""" tips the argument in favor of making a place for inquiry in the economics curriculum."""""
1	"Bloom, K. C., et al. (2013). LEVELING EBP CONTENT FOR UNDERGRADUATE NURSING STUDENTS."" Journal of Professional Nursing 29(4): 217-224."""	192	"Bloom, K. C., et al. (2013). """"LEVELING EBP CONTENT FOR UNDERGRADUATE NURSING STUDENTS."""" Journal of Professional Nursing 29(4): 217-224."""""	" Integration of evidence into practice is an essential outcome for baccalaureate nursing students in this era of health care reform. Cultivation of a spirit of inquiry and appreciation for the role of evidence in shaping nursing practice is central to the development of requisite knowledge and skills. A baccalaureate nursing program curricular redesign placed a higher emphasis on evidence-based practice. The evidence-based practice focus of the undergraduate curriculum is a sequence of 3 undergraduate research courses designed to prepare the graduate to identify, locate, read, and critically appraise evidence at the individual study, systematic review, and clinical practice guideline levels. This curriculum lays the foundation for evidence-based practice in the clinical arena and in graduate nursing programs. (c) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""
0	"Blyth, R. D. (2015). Improved appreciation of mathematics through an IBL liberal arts mathematics course."" PRIMUS: Problems, Resources, and Issues in Mathematics Undergraduate Studies 25(3): 265-278."""	193	"Blyth, R. D. (2015). """"Improved appreciation of mathematics through an IBL liberal arts mathematics course."""" PRIMUS: Problems, Resources, and Issues in Mathematics Undergraduate Studies 25(3): 265-278."""""	" The author has taught an inquiry-based liberal arts mathematics class using the text 'The Heart of Mathematics: An Invitation to Effective Thinking' by Edward B. Burger and Michael Starbird a total of 20 times since Spring 2001. The students in this class have almost all been in non-technical majors and many started the semester with negative or ambivalent attitudes toward mathematics based on their prior experiences. The author has gathered responses from students in this class that illustrate significant changes in their attitudes towards mathematics during the course. In particular, the responses gathered at the end of the semester are often eloquent about understanding the great ideas of mathematics that students confronted in this course and about seeing many more and varied connections between mathematics and the 'real world' than they had previously realized existed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Boat, T. F. (2007). The future of pediatric research."" Journal of Pediatrics 151(5): S21-S27."""	194	"Boat, T. F. (2007). """"The future of pediatric research."""" Journal of Pediatrics 151(5): S21-S27."""""	" The future of pediatric research will be enhanced by strengthening traditional biomedical approaches and embracing emerging opportunities. Biomedical discovery and translation of new knowledge, concepts, and devices into better diagnostic and therapeutic options will require more pediatric physician-scientists. rapid adoption of enabling technologies, increased funding for research and research training (including the creation of federally funded pediatric translational research centers), and a broader distribution of research activities across the academic pediatric community. Rapid improvement of child health outcomes also will be realized through robust health services research in pediatrics, including the application of rigorous quality improvement science that documents and disseminates successful interventions, leading to better access and effectiveness of care. Improving the value of pediatric care is a realistic goal. Achieving better outcomes through individually tailored (personalized) care for children should be tested experimentally. The future of pediatrics is bright, but will depend on the recognition of and response to a growing array of exciting opportunities."""
0	Boldt, M. N., et al. (2013). USING COMPREHENSIVE RESEARCH PROJECTS FOR SKILL DEVELOPMENT AND RESPONSIVE LEARNING ASSESSMENT: A PORTFOLIO APPROACH. Advances in Accounting Education: Teaching and Curriculum Innovations. D. Feldmann and T. J. Rupert. 14: 293-312.	195	Boldt, M. N., et al. (2013). USING COMPREHENSIVE RESEARCH PROJECTS FOR SKILL DEVELOPMENT AND RESPONSIVE LEARNING ASSESSMENT: A PORTFOLIO APPROACH. Advances in Accounting Education: Teaching and Curriculum Innovations. D. Feldmann and T. J. Rupert. 14: 293-312.	" A framework for developing a multi-course undergraduate research project is presented, which (1) allows students to connect coursework learning with real company data, (2) engages students in relevant critical analysis, and (3) provides meaningful, content-rich learning assessment data that can be used to improve student learning. Sample assignments, an assessment rubric, and sample assessment data reports are also presented to illustrate how diverse assignments, with regard to scope, structure, and accounting skills, can be evaluated and used to improve student learning across the accounting curriculum. Importantly, the process of responding to the assessment data to make improvements to ""close the loop'' is discussed."""""
0	"Bolger, J. C., et al. (2016). An analysis of medical students' attitude to surgical careers and pursuing intercalated research degrees."" Irish Journal of Medical Science 185(1): 177-182."""	196	"Bolger, J. C., et al. (2016). """"An analysis of medical students' attitude to surgical careers and pursuing intercalated research degrees."""" Irish Journal of Medical Science 185(1): 177-182."""""	" Introduction Major changes are occurring in surgical training in the UK and Ireland. Training time is reduced due to the introduction of run-through training and the EWTD. Streamlined training also may affect the number of trainees engaging in full-time higher degrees by research, in spite of the fact that those who do engage are more academically productive. This study assesses the attitudes of medical students towards a career in surgery and their attitudes to research, especially in the context of an intercalated degree programme. Methods 615 students comprising both undergraduates and postgraduates from RCSI were surveyed. The influence of a number of factors was ranked using five-point Likert scales. Students were asked to rate the importance of research to their future careers. Results 595 (97 %) of those surveyed completed the questionnaire satisfactorily. Those interested in surgery were more likely to be male, undergraduate students and younger. Factors encouraging students to pursue a surgical career were prestige, identification of a surgical mentor, financial reward and research opportunities on offer (p < 0.001 in all cases). Almost 27 % of students had already engaged with some form of research project. A significant proportion of those interested and not interested in surgery (26 and 29 % respectively) would consider taking time out to do an intercalated research degree as part of their primary medical studies. Conclusion Surgical training faces significant challenges. One way to encourage the next generation of academic surgeons may be to offer some candidates intercalated research degrees while pursuing their medical qualification."""
0	"Bolinger, K. and W. J. Warren (2007). ""Methods Practiced in Social Studies Instruction: A Review of Public School Teachers' Strategies""."" International Journal of Social Education 22(1): 68-84."""	197	"Bolinger, K. and W. J. Warren (2007). """"""""Methods Practiced in Social Studies Instruction: A Review of Public School Teachers' Strategies""""."""" International Journal of Social Education 22(1): 68-84."""""	" In this study, the authors explore the ""apparent gulf between professionals' advice and actual teachers' practices."""" Their study recognizes the imperviousness of teacher practice to the efforts of researchers and curricular reformers. For over a century, the authors argue, """"best practices"""" in social studies have always included instruction that promotes higher-order thinking and inquiry-based learning, regardless of whether the promulgators were committed to citizenship education, """"constructivist"""" methods, or standards-based instruction. Their study, however, asks whether methods that promote thinking and interpretation actually appear in classroom practice. Using survey data, the researchers find a tension between the methods that teachers most commonly use and the methods they believe are most effective. In particular, the study finds that though teachers may value methods such as role play and debate, they are most likely to lecture. The authors conclude the results of this study suggest that among both elementary and secondary social studies teachers, passive methods are used more frequently than active, and arguably, more authentic methods. (Contains 4 tables and 9 notes.)"""""
0	"Bolivar, M. P. R., et al. (2012). STUDYING E-GOVERNMENT: RESEARCH METHODOLOGIES, DATA COMPILATION TECHNIQUES AND FUTURE OUTLOOK."" Academia-Revista Latinoamericana De Administracion(51): 79-95."""	198	"Bolivar, M. P. R., et al. (2012). """"STUDYING E-GOVERNMENT: RESEARCH METHODOLOGIES, DATA COMPILATION TECHNIQUES AND FUTURE OUTLOOK."""" Academia-Revista Latinoamericana De Administracion(51): 79-95."""""	" In view of the heterogeneity of published research on e-government, this paper examines research trends and assesses the methodologies used, to help e-government researchers in this field in terms of the development and direction of future analyses. A comprehensive analysis of the e-government research published in articles in JCR journals, within the field of Public Administration is provided. In this article, knowledge gaps and research opportunities are identified in order for researchers to inquire about them and construct theoretical bases that enhance the development of knowledge in this area."""
0	"Bolon, S. K. and R. L. Phillips (2010). Building the Research Culture of Family Medicine With Fellowship Training."" Family Medicine 42(7): 481-487."""	199	"Bolon, S. K. and R. L. Phillips (2010). """"Building the Research Culture of Family Medicine With Fellowship Training."""" Family Medicine 42(7): 481-487."""""	" Background and Objectives: The future of family medicine is closely lied to the strength of family medicine research. Physicians with fellowship training have been shown to be more productive researchers than those without fellowship training. This study's objectives are to (1) identify fellowship programs available to family physicians, (2) explore how family medicine fellows are taught research skills, and (3) identify obstacles to enhancing research training in fellowships. Methods: Fellowship programs available to family physicians were identified by Internet searches and confirmed by telephone or e-mail. Directors' of identified fellowships received a 33-item survey exploring research training provided by their program. Descriptive statistics were used to evaluate the quantitative data. Survey comments were analyzed qualitatively to identify themes. Results: We confirmed that 247 of 328 identified research fellowships are available to family physicians. Survey response rate from those 247 fellowships was 65%. Fellowships with and without a research focus are providing research training. They are threatened, however, by weak research infrastructure, inadequate finding, and attitudinal biases against family medicine research. Conclusions: There are many fellowship and research training opportunities for family physicians. But in many programs, research training is tenuous, and support for researchers is low We recommend expanding research advocacy efforts within family medicine, Congress, and finding institutions."""
1	"Boominathan, V. P. and T. L. Ferreira (2012). Factors Promoting Increased Rate of Tissue Regeneration: The Zebrafish Fin as a Tool for Examining Tissue Engineering Design Concepts."" Zebrafish 9(4): 207-219."""	200	"Boominathan, V. P. and T. L. Ferreira (2012). """"Factors Promoting Increased Rate of Tissue Regeneration: The Zebrafish Fin as a Tool for Examining Tissue Engineering Design Concepts."""" Zebrafish 9(4): 207-219."""""	" Student interest in topics of tissue engineering is increasing exponentially as the number of universities offering programs in bioengineering are on the rise. Bioengineering encompasses all of the STEM categories: Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math. Inquiry-based learning is one of the most effective techniques for promoting student learning and has been demonstrated to have a high impact on learning outcomes. We have designed program outcomes for our bioengineering program that require tiered activities to develop problem solving skills, peer evaluation techniques, and promote team work. While it is ideal to allow students to ask unique questions and design their own experiments, this can be difficult for instructors to have reagents and supplies available for a variety of activities. Zebrafish can be easily housed, and multiple variables can be tested on a large enough group to provide statistical value, lending them well to inquiry-based learning modules. We have designed a laboratory activity that takes observation of fin regeneration to the next level: analyzing conditions that may impact regeneration. Tissue engineers seek to define the optimum conditions to grow tissue for replacement parts. The field of tissue engineering is likely to benefit from understanding natural mechanisms of regeneration and the factors that influence the rate of regeneration. We have outlined the results of varying temperature on fin regeneration and propose other inquiry modules such as the role of pH in fin regeneration. Furthermore, we have provided useful tools for developing critical thinking and peer review of research ideas, assessment guidelines, and grading rubrics for the activities associated with this exercise."""
0	"Boots, C. E., et al. (2016). Obesity-induced oocyte mitochondrial defects are partially prevented and rescued by supplementation with co-enzyme Q10 in a mouse model."" Human Reproduction 31(9): 2090-2097."""	201	"Boots, C. E., et al. (2016). """"Obesity-induced oocyte mitochondrial defects are partially prevented and rescued by supplementation with co-enzyme Q10 in a mouse model."""" Human Reproduction 31(9): 2090-2097."""""	" STUDY QUESTION: Does supplementation with co-enzyme Q10 (CoQ10) improve the oocyte mitochondrial abnormalities associated with obesity in mice? SUMMARY ANSWER: In an obese mouse model, CoQ10 improves the mitochondrial function of oocytes. WHAT IS KNOWN ALREADY: Obesity impairs oocyte quality. Oocytes from mice fed a high-fat/high-sugar (HF/HS) diet have abnormalities in mitochondrial distribution and function and in meiotic progression. STUDY DESIGN, SIZE, DURATION: Mice were randomly assigned to a normal. chow diet or an isocaloric HF/HS diet for 12 weeks. After 6 weeks on the diet, half of the mice receiving a normal diet and half of the mice receiving a HF/HS diet were randomly assigned to receive CoQ10 supplementation injections for the remaining 6 weeks. PARTICIPANTS/MATERIALS, SETTING, METHODS: Dietary intervention was initiated on C57B16 female mice at 4 weeks of age, CoQ10 versus vehicle injections were assigned at 10 weeks, and assays were conducted at 16 weeks of age. Mice were super-ovulated, and oocytes were collected and stained to assess mitochondrial distribution, quantify reactive oxygen species (ROS), assess meiotic spindle formation, and measure metabolites. In vitro fertilization was performed, and blastocyst embryos were transferred into control mice. Oocyte number, fertilization rate, blastulation rate and implantation rate were compared between the four cohorts. Bivariate statistics were performed appropriately. MAIN RESULTS AND THE ROLE OF CHANCE: HF/HS mice weighed significantly more than normal diet mice (29 versus 22 g. P < 0.001). CoQ10 supplementation did not influence weight. Levels of ATP, citrate, and phosphocreatine were lower and ROS levels were higher in HF/HS mice than in controls (P < 0.001). CoQ10 supplementation significantly increased the levels of metabolites and decreased ROS levels in oocytes from normal diet mice but not in oocytes from HF/HS mice. However. CoQ10 completely prevented the mitochondrial distribution abnormalities observed in the HF/HS mice. Overall, CoQ10 supplementation significantly increased the percentage of normal spindle and chromosome alignment (92.3 versus 80.2%, P = 0.039). In the sub-analysis by diet, the difference did not reach statistical significance. When undergoing IVF, there were no statistically significant differences in the number of mature oocytes, the fertilization rate, blastocyst formation rates, implantation rates, resorption rates or litter size between HF/HS mice receiving CoQ10 or vehicle injections. LIMITATIONS, REASONS FOR CAUTION: Experiments were limited to one species and strain of mice. The majority of experiments were performed after ovulation induction, which may not represent natural cycle fertility. WIDER IMPLICATIONS OF THE FINDINGS: Improvement in oocyte mitochondrial distribution and function of normal, chow-fed mice and HF/HS-fed mice demonstrates the importance of CoQ10 and the efficiency of the mitochondrial respiratory chain in oocyte competence. Clinical studies are now needed to evaluate the therapeutic potential of CoQ10 in women's reproductive health. STUDY FUNDING/COMPETING INTEREST(S): C.E.B. received support from the National Research Training Program in Reproductive Medicine sponsored by the National Institute of Health (T32 HD040135-13) and the Scientific Advisory Board of Vivere Health. K.H.M received support from the American Diabetes Association and the National Institute of Health (R01 HD083895). There are no conflicts of interest to declare."""
0	"Bootz, J.-P., et al. (2015). Solicitation of experts in an undetermined environment: The case of a polar exploration."" Journal of Knowledge Management 19(5): 900-911."""	202	"Bootz, J.-P., et al. (2015). """"Solicitation of experts in an undetermined environment: The case of a polar exploration."""" Journal of Knowledge Management 19(5): 900-911."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to understand the solicitation of outside experts in the upstream phase of innovation projects, which fall within the scope of the exploration and which take place within a context of radical uncertainty: how are these experts identified, selected and mobilised? While companies are compelled to manage exploration projects, the processes underlying the expansion of knowledge in these projects are not well known. Design/methodology/approach: Based on the literature, this paper first presents a conceptual view of the notion of expert. Then, the research question is analyzed by means of a case study of a polar expedition. The project leader seeks a knowledgeable person who has never been identified as an expert, but whose knowledge is essential. Findings: The expert appears both in his cognitive and social dimensions. Moreover, he emerges out of the situation, on the basis of neither strong nor weak signals. The rationality of expert solicitation falls within a pragmatic logic where the acquired knowledge must reduce the uncertainty so that the project can progress. The learning process enables to increase gradually the knowledge of the actor but also to build the legitimacy required in order to have access to the expert. Practical implications: Findings can be translated in more general situations. Indeed, polar expeditions projects and exploratory innovation projects (Garel and Lièvre, 2010) possess some common characteristics: lack of knowledge concerning, timing issues, need to implement a pragmatic, enquiry-based learning. These projects strongly rely on external expert knowledge. This case study suggests that, while it may be useful, planning should not strictly define the course of action. A central competence of the project leader is to manage the duality between planning and adaptation. This implies the ability to adapt, to detect and to assess human resources and knowledge flows rapidly, as well as to weave social links inside and outside the organisation. Originality/value: The existing literature offers a comprehensive view of experts in an organisation. However, the questions of expert selection and identification remain open. This paper fills a gap in the literature concerning the way experts are identified and selected. The case study shows that identifying experts does not solely depend on weak signals (reputation) or on strong signals (the expert’s social status). Rather, the expert emerges in the situation, in an unexpected way. The expert’s social dimension is not sufficient and one must look to the cognitive roots of the expertise. On the other hand, the fact is emphasised that the expert is a social construct which emerges from the solicitation process. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Bos, A. L. and M. C. Schneider (2009). Stepping around the Brick Wall: Overcoming Student Obstacles in Methods Courses."" PS: Political Science and Politics 42(2): 375-383."""	203	"Bos, A. L. and M. C. Schneider (2009). """"Stepping around the Brick Wall: Overcoming Student Obstacles in Methods Courses."""" PS: Political Science and Politics 42(2): 375-383."""""	" Many political science departments offer, and increasing numbers of them require, undergraduate research methods courses. At the same time, studies cite high levels of student anxiety about such courses. Utilizing survey data from both students who take and faculty who teach methods, we conduct an analysis that compares the barriers students and faculty independently perceive. Next, we share results from our own exploratory assessment technique, which evaluates our success in increasing student confidence with regard to conducting research. Finally, we present specific exercises and assignments which can serve as solutions to student barriers. We argue that conscious reflection as to where students lack confidence and assessment of our efforts allows instructors to approach teaching methods more effectively."""
0	"Boud, D. and C. Costley (2007). From project supervision to advising: new conceptions of the practice."" Innovations in Education and Teaching International 44(2): 119-130."""	204	"Boud, D. and C. Costley (2007). """"From project supervision to advising: new conceptions of the practice."""" Innovations in Education and Teaching International 44(2): 119-130."""""	" Project work has been a common feature of undergraduate degree programmes for many years. While it has been named in a variety of ways, it typically involves students undertaking a substantial learning activity that is partly self-initiated and managed. More recently, programmes organised around the idea of work-based learning partnerships have emerged. These can be regarded as programmes that rely on significant amounts of work-based project work. This paper examines the implications of practices in these new programmes for project advising more generally. It argues that the conception of the role of academics in project work needs to change from one focused on project supervision to one of learning adviser. It identifies key features of this practice and discusses differences in advising from one context to another. It suggests that the activities in which academics engage need to be reappraised and that the skills and knowledge of those acting in the role of adviser be extended."""
0	"Bousvaros, A. (2008). Progress in Pediatric Inflammatory Bowel Disease."" Indian Journal of Pediatrics 75: S33-S38."""	205	"Bousvaros, A. (2008). """"Progress in Pediatric Inflammatory Bowel Disease."""" Indian Journal of Pediatrics 75: S33-S38."""""	" Pediatric Inflammatory Bowel Disease (IBD) includes two distinct illnesses, Crohn's disease (CD) and ulcerative colitis (UC). IBD, an exceptionally prevalent condition in America and Northern Europe, is increasingly being reported from other countries such as India and Japan. A strong genetic component exists in IBD, with an interplay between gene and microbial interactions. Recent work on the genetics of Crohn's Disease has determined that approximately 25% of cases of Crohn's Disease can be explained by mutations in the NOD2 gene, a gene that regulates the immune response to intestinal bacteria. Current therapeutics utilized to treat CD and UC include corticosteroids, aminosalicylates, 6-mercaptopurine, and infliximab. While our knowledge base about IBD has improved significantly over the last 25 years, there are many questions that remain unanswered that serve as opportunities for future research. Such research opportunities include the development of surrogate markers (non invasive assays of stool, urine, and blood), that can monitor intestinal inflammation and predict disease activity a priori. These markers include blood serologic (antibody) tests, and fecal markers of inflammation. As surrogate markers improve, they will hopefully allow the clinician to predict the severity of the disease at time of diagnosis (risk stratification). Thus, patients who are at risk for more severe disease can be treated with more potent therapies at time of diagnosis. In addition, a greater understanding of the disease will hopefully enable the development of safer therapies that reduce intestinal inflammation without increasing susceptibility to infection and lymphoma. In addition, ongoing studies in intestinal microbiology may allow physicians to modify the intestinal microenvironment or alter diet to prevent the development of IBD. This brief paper summarizes some of the important issues relevant to pediatric IBD, and is intended to serve as a framework in which interested physicians can conduct additional research into this enigmatic disease."""
0	"Bouwma-Gearhart, J. L. and J. L. Bess (2012). The Transformative Potential of Blogs for Research in Higher Education."" Journal of Higher Education 83(2): 249-275."""	206	"Bouwma-Gearhart, J. L. and J. L. Bess (2012). """"The Transformative Potential of Blogs for Research in Higher Education."""" Journal of Higher Education 83(2): 249-275."""""	" We explore the benefits and limitations of traditional academic research, collaboration, and knowledge dissemination, and discuss the potential of blogs towards better meeting the higher education research community's needs. We present possible parameters of use, reward structures, and how the field can model this innovative means of academic collaboration. (Contains 5 notes.)"""
NaN		207	"Bowers, J. and A. Parameswaran (2013). """"Differentiating undergraduate research."""" Teaching in Higher Education 18(5): 453-464."""""	" The work of undergraduates has been generally perceived in terms of coursework rather than research  research, rather, has been considered the domain of postgraduates and academics. This study collected data from interviews with 80 undergraduates at an Australian research university. The results suggest that undergraduates perceive research along a spectrum, from developmental—where research is framed by an intellectual hierarchy from undergraduate to postgraduate to academic to discrete perceptions of research, which frame research as non-hierarchical. These two frames— the developmental and the—discrete have implications for universities choosing to mainstream undergraduate research (UR) opportunities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Bowling, B. V., et al. (2016). Implementation and assessment of a yeast orphan gene research project: involving undergraduates in authentic research experiences and progressing our understanding of uncharacterized open reading frames."" Yeast 33(2): 43-53."""	208	"Bowling, B. V., et al. (2016). """"Implementation and assessment of a yeast orphan gene research project: involving undergraduates in authentic research experiences and progressing our understanding of uncharacterized open reading frames."""" Yeast 33(2): 43-53."""""	" Saccharomyces cerevisiae was the first eukaryotic organism to be sequenced  however, little progress has been made in recent years in furthering our understanding of all open reading frames (ORFs). From October 2012 to May 2015 the number of verified ORFs had only risen from 75.31% to 78%, while the number of uncharacterized ORFs had decreased from 12.8% to 11% (representing>700 genes still left in this category  ). Course-based research has been shown to increase student learning while providing experience with real scientific investigation  however, implementation in large, multi-section courses presents many challenges. This study sought to test the feasibility and effectiveness of incorporating authentic research into a core genetics course, with multiple instructors, to increase student learning and progress our understanding of uncharacterized ORFs. We generated a module-based annotation toolkit and utilized easily accessible bioinformatics tools to predict gene function for uncharacterized ORFs within the Saccharomyces Genome Database (SGD). Students were each assigned an uncharacterized ORF, which they annotated using contemporary comparative genomics methodologies, including multiple sequence alignment, conserved domain identification, signal peptide prediction and cellular localization algorithms. Student learning outcomes were measured by quizzes, project reports and presentations, as well as a post-project questionnaire. Our results indicate that the authentic research experience had positive impacts on students' perception of their learning and their confidence to conduct future research. Furthermore, we believe that creation of an online repository and adoption and/or adaptation of this project across multiple researchers and institutions could speed the process of gene function prediction. Copyright (c) 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd."""
0	"Boyer, D. M. and J. E. Smith (2016). Using course opportunities for learning game design."" On the Horizon 24(1): 104-111."""	209	"Boyer, D. M. and J. E. Smith (2016). """"Using course opportunities for learning game design."""" On the Horizon 24(1): 104-111."""""	" Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to share the authors' perspectives as members of a research-based course project focused on learning game design and development. The authors provide important aspects of their findings as usable knowledge in the form of implications for potential use in new contexts. Design/methodology/approach - This is a case study of one instance of a course-based structured learning opportunity. The authors chose to interview each other about various aspects of the course structure and its affordances and constraints for creating an effective and supportive learning environment. Findings - The paper provides findings as implications for potential transfer to new contexts. As considerations for engendering the type of learning the authors promote, they share much of the interview responses in an effort to not only contextualize their perspectives but also identify important aspects for similar projects. Research limitations/implications - As a single case, the authors focus on areas of transferability rather than generalizability. With more cases, they could build the list of important aspects, but with this individual case, they can simply share the ideas they find most salient from their work. Practical implications - The paper includes implications for those interested in creating similar opportunities that combine undergraduate research projects and coursework to enhance students' ability to pursue individual interests typically not found in traditional course models. Originality/value - This paper provides an example of a non-traditional opportunity for learning as a potential model for others."""
0	"Boytchev, P. (2015). Constructionism and Deconstructionism."" Constructivist Foundations 10(3): 355-363."""	210	"Boytchev, P. (2015). """"Constructionism and Deconstructionism."""" Constructivist Foundations 10(3): 355-363."""""	" > Context . There is a movement to change education so that it is adequate to social expectations and uses the full potential of technology. However, there has been no significant breakthrough in this area and there is no clear evidence why. >Problem . A potential issue explaining why education falls behind is the way educators focus on education. There is a possibility that a significant step in the learning process is routinely neglected. > Method . Two different approaches to using IT in education are tested in two different environments :a university level course based on constructionism and IBL projects for secondary school students.> Results . It is possible to apply constructionism in education, but there are still problems. They are not related to how students construct knowledge, but how they deconstruct knowledge. > Implications . The most significant problem of deconstruction is that it requires creative skills. This makes it very difficult to formalize it and to provide effective recommendations for its application. > Constructivist Content . Deconstruction is a prerequisite of construction, thus deconstructionism deserves more attention and study. A proper application of deconstructionism will make it possible to reconstruct education in a way that is impossible with the current approaches."""
1	"Bozkurt, O. (2015). Investigating the Effect of Inquiry-Based Learning on Pre-Service Teachers' Attitudes and Opinions about the Approach."" Croatian Journal of Education-Hrvatski Casopis Za Odgoj I Obrazovanje 17: 175-197."""	211	"Bozkurt, O. (2015). """"Investigating the Effect of Inquiry-Based Learning on Pre-Service Teachers' Attitudes and Opinions about the Approach."""" Croatian Journal of Education-Hrvatski Casopis Za Odgoj I Obrazovanje 17: 175-197."""""	" Aim of the study was to examine the effect of research-based learning on pre-service teachers' attitudes and to present their opinions about the approach in the science and technology laboratory. The study was carried out on 66 undergraduate students, and had the pre-test post-test control group design. Attitude scale towards the science and technology laboratory, attitude scale towards research-based learning and a form of interview about T diagram used in the research-based learning method were used for data collection. The research-based learning approach was applied in the experimental group, and the traditional learning approach was applied in the control group. The results showed that research-based learning positively affected the students' attitudes towards this and inquiry-based learning approach attitude marks."""
0	"Brackenbury, T. (2012). A Qualitative Examination of Connections between Learner-Centered Teaching and Past Significant Learning Experiences."" Journal of the Scholarship of Teaching and Learning 12(4): 12-28."""	212	"Brackenbury, T. (2012). """"A Qualitative Examination of Connections between Learner-Centered Teaching and Past Significant Learning Experiences."""" Journal of the Scholarship of Teaching and Learning 12(4): 12-28."""""	" Learner-centered teaching is a collection of instructional practices that shift the emphasis of courses from the instructors' goals and methods of delivery to the knowledge and skills that the students develop. This study examined potential commonalities between features of learner-centered teaching and the past significant learning experiences of current faculty. A phenomenological analysis of written essays revealed eight dominant themes: 1) Student responsibility for learning, 2) Learning through direct experience or example, 3) Responsive instructors, 4) Difficult activities that took time, 5) Connections to previous knowledge and experiences, 6) Direct research experience, 7) Challenging initial ideas and assumptions, and 8) Rich in content. These themes are discussed in terms of their connections to features of learner-centered teaching and potential implications for educators. (Contains 2 tables.)"""
0	"Bradley, J. M., et al. (2012). Cystic fibrosis research in allied health and nursing professions."" Journal of Cystic Fibrosis 11(5): 387-392."""	213	"Bradley, J. M., et al. (2012). """"Cystic fibrosis research in allied health and nursing professions."""" Journal of Cystic Fibrosis 11(5): 387-392."""""	" This report is the result of the ""Allied Health and Nursing Professions Working Group"""" meeting which took place in Verona, Italy, November 2009, which was organised by the European Cystic Fibrosis Society, and involved 32 experts. The meeting was designed to provide a """"roadmap"""" of high priority research questions that can be addressed by Allied Health Professionals (Al-IP) and nursing. The other goal was to identify research skills that would be beneficial to AFTP and nursing researchers and would ultimately improve the research capacity and capability of these professions. The following tasks were accomplished: 1) a Delphi survey was used to identify high priority research areas and themes, 2) common research designs used in AHP and nursing research were evaluated in terms of their strengths and weaknesses, 3) methods for assessing the clinimetric and psychometric properties, as well as feasibility, of relevant outcome measures were reviewed, and 4) a common skill set for AHPs and nurses undertaking clinical research was agreed on and will guide the planning of future research opportunities. This report has identified important areas and themes for future research which include: adherence""  physical activity/exercise  nutritional interventions  interventions for the newborn with CF and evaluation of outcome measures for use in AHP and nursing research. It has highlighted the significant challenges A HPs and nurses experience in conducting clinical research, and proposes strategies to overcome these challenges. It is hoped that this report will encourage research initiatives that assess the efficacy/effectiveness of AHP and nursing interventions in order to improve the evidence base. This should increase the quality of research conducted by these professions, justify services they currently provide, and expand their skills in new areas, with the ultimate goal of improving care for patients with CF. (C) 2012 Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of European Cystic Fibrosis Society."""
0	"Braithwaite, R., et al. (2007). Insider participatory action research in disadvantaged post-industrial areas: The experiences of community members as they become Community Based Action Researchers."" Action Research 5(1): 61-74."""	214	"Braithwaite, R., et al. (2007). """"Insider participatory action research in disadvantaged post-industrial areas: The experiences of community members as they become Community Based Action Researchers."""" Action Research 5(1): 61-74."""""	" This article examines the authentic experience of those who live in a community categorized as disadvantaged as they enter into a radical action research process that entails them adopting a changed role while remaining community members and how they manage the tensions involved in this process. It explores, in their own words, the experience of these researchers as they encounter the struggle, conflict and often injustice inherent in the process of community regeneration and how these tensions are managed and sometimes resolved both within the community and within themselves. These Community Based Action Researchers (CBAR) have no formal research training but they bring a wealth of local knowledge, understanding and engagement that no amount of formal training could provide. These locally based researchers work in partnership with more formally trained researchers and professionals to utilise action research as an effective methodology for tackling the problems faced by the community. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Bramhall, M. D., et al. (2010). The Strategic Development of Learner Autonomy through Enquiry-Based Learning: A Case Study."" Industry and Higher Education 24(2): 121-125."""	215	"Bramhall, M. D., et al. (2010). """"The Strategic Development of Learner Autonomy through Enquiry-Based Learning: A Case Study."""" Industry and Higher Education 24(2): 121-125."""""	" This paper reports on strategic developments to enhance student learner autonomy skills through the use of enquiry-based learning (EBL) in the design of higher education programmes. The UK's Sheffield Hallam University is a recognized Centre of Excellence in Teaching and Learning (CETL) in the field of developing learner autonomy. Central to the university's learning, teaching and assessment strategy is the conviction that students must become autonomous learners to acquire the skills and knowledge needed for employment, research and continuing professional development. In this context it is imperative that students are increasingly able to manage their own learning, formulate their own lines of enquiry and develop flexible approaches to their studies--the essence of acquiring learner autonomy. It is also important that they can work across discipline boundaries, often in teams, tackling problems that are essentially multidisciplinary. The central theme of this paper is the strategic use of EBL in areas that involve students working together in small groups."""
1	"Branan, D. and M. Morgan (2010). Mini-Lab Activities: Inquiry-Based Lab Activities for Formative Assessment."" Journal of Chemical Education 87(1): 69-72."""	216	"Branan, D. and M. Morgan (2010). """"Mini-Lab Activities: Inquiry-Based Lab Activities for Formative Assessment."""" Journal of Chemical Education 87(1): 69-72."""""	" Students everywhere love chemistry demonstrations, especially if they involve explosions. But have you ever wanted to move beyond the ""wow"""" factor and find a way to incorporate active student learning into your demos? What if you could get them to think more deeply about what they're observing, and then find out if they really understand what they've experienced? Those questions initiated our quest to create """"interactive demos"""" at the US Air Force Academy Department of Chemistry. Over the past year and a half, this effort has evolved into inquiry-based learning activities. We now refer to these activities as """"mini-labs"""", because they also contain the additional dimension of a simple formative assessment of a student's knowledge and awareness of chemical principles. The """"Mini-Lab"""" was conceived of as an idea to help instructors easily add inquiry-based learning activities to their curriculum by providing an array of activities that are easy to implement and not supply-intensive and that are designed around sound pedagogical principles. This program originated at the United States Air Force Academy, but was further developed in collaboration with colleagues at Hamline University. (Contains 1 figure.)"""""
0	"Brand, B. R. and S. J. Moore (2011). Enhancing Teachers' Application of Inquiry-Based Strategies Using a Constructivist Sociocultural Professional Development Model."" International Journal of Science Education 33(7): 889-913."""	217	"Brand, B. R. and S. J. Moore (2011). """"Enhancing Teachers' Application of Inquiry-Based Strategies Using a Constructivist Sociocultural Professional Development Model."""" International Journal of Science Education 33(7): 889-913."""""	" This two-year school-wide initiative to improve teachers' pedagogical skills in inquiry-based science instruction using a constructivist sociocultural professional development model involved 30 elementary teachers from one school, three university faculty, and two central office content supervisors. Research was conducted for investigating the impact of the professional development activities on teachers' practices, documenting changes in their philosophies, instruction, and the learning environment. This report includes teachers' accounts of philosophical as well as instructional changes and how these changes shaped the learning environment. For the teachers in this study, examining their teaching practices in learner-centered collaborative group settings encouraged them to critically analyze their instructional practices, challenging their preconceived ideas on inquiry-based strategies. Additionally, other factors affecting teachers' understanding and use of inquiry-based strategies were highlighted, such as self-efficacy beliefs, prior experiences as students in science classrooms, teacher preparation programs, and expectations due to federal, state, and local mandates. These factors were discussed and reconciled, as they constructed new understandings and adapted their strategies to become more student-centered and inquiry-based."""
0	"Brand, D. A., et al. (2008). Mid-career research training for the generalist physician: Case study of a balancing act."" Teaching and Learning in Medicine 20(2): 180-185."""	218	"Brand, D. A., et al. (2008). """"Mid-career research training for the generalist physician: Case study of a balancing act."""" Teaching and Learning in Medicine 20(2): 180-185."""""	" Background: Although generalist physician faculty typically lack the skills needed to conduct research, few medical schools offer on-site faculty development programs that teach research skills. Description: To address this dilemma, our medical school introduced a part-time Primary Care Research Fellowship offering full-day classes once a week over 10 months. Evaluation: We asked the 22 general internists, general pediatricians, and family physicians who participated in the program to rate their experience, and we measured their research productivity during the 3 years before and 3 years after completing the program, using a group of matched controls for comparison. Participants rated the program highly and increased their aggregate research productivity from 1 publication before completing the program to 6 publications afterward, although this increase did not reach statistical significance (p = .09). Controls exhibited substantially higher baseline productivity than fellows (10 publications vs. I publication, p = .03), but controls' productivity changed little between the first and second measurement periods (10 and 7 publications, respectively). Conclusion: Our mid-career research training program enabled primary care academic faculty to gain confidence in their ability to conduct a scientific study with minimal disruption to their teaching and clinical activities."""
0	"Brand, G. (2015). Through the Looking Glass Space to New Ways of Knowing: A Personal Research Narrative."" Qualitative Report 20(4): 516-525."""	219	"Brand, G. (2015). """"Through the Looking Glass Space to New Ways of Knowing: A Personal Research Narrative."""" Qualitative Report 20(4): 516-525."""""	" This article describes how writing personal research narratives during my doctoral research journey challenged my role as a health professional and my personal beliefs and values in fundamental ways. In qualitative narrative inquiry, the reflexive account of the research experience is a key element in conducting ethical, rigorous, and meaningful forms of qualitative research. However, as a novice researcher, I was unprepared for the unlearning journey I experienced during the research process. This uncomfortable experience cut to the core of my identity by dismantling unexamined belief and value systems that lay dormant and hidden from my everyday consciousness as a health professional. In the spirit of transparency, reflexivity and ""good"""" qualitative research, this article presents an explicit account of my exquisite and sometimes excruciating reflexive research journey that profoundly changed how I relate and work with people. I believe health care professionals should adopt a narrative view of experience that creates the """"looking glass space"""" to locate their own stories within the broader socio-cultural and historical context of their lives, especially in relation to their health professional identity. Exchanging diminishing dialogue with deeper dialogue honours both the complexities of young peoples' lives and social worlds and encompasses socially-conscious methodologies of promise and hope."""""
0	"Brandt, H. M., et al. (2015). Federally Qualified Health Centers' Capacity and Readiness for Research Collaborations: Implications for Clinical-Academic-Community Partnerships."" Cts-Clinical and Translational Science 8(4): 391-393."""	220	"Brandt, H. M., et al. (2015). """"Federally Qualified Health Centers' Capacity and Readiness for Research Collaborations: Implications for Clinical-Academic-Community Partnerships."""" Cts-Clinical and Translational Science 8(4): 391-393."""""	" Background:Federally qualified health centers (FQHCs) provide a health care safety net for underserved populations and contribute unique expertise to research that could further enhance quality of patient care. The purpose of this research was to assess interest in, readiness to, and capacity for conducting research in FQHCs in South Carolina (SC). Methods:A Web-based survey was administered to 20 FQHCs across SC. Fourteen representatives of FQHCs completed the 39-item survey that assessed research experience and interest, partnerships and funding, barriers and benefits to research participation, training and technical assistance needs, and research capacity. Results:FQHCs are interested in conducting research. FQHCs reported that health center leadership, organizational benefit, active engagement of staff, and clear roles for partners were important factors for successful partnerships. Inequity of budget and resources were the greatest challenges encountered. Improved patient outcomes, additional resources for the center, reduction in disparities, and academic partnerships were considered benefits for participation. FQHCs were interested in training and technical assistance opportunities for research funding and best practices for the use of research to inform programs and services. Conclusions:FQHCs are willing to collaborate on research. For successful research partnerships, collaborators should understand FQHCs' challenges and barriers to participation."""
0	"Branscomb, K. R. and E. A. Ethridge (2010). Promoting Professionalism in Infant Care: Lessons from a Yearlong Teacher Preparation Project."" Journal of Early Childhood Teacher Education 31(3): 207-221."""	221	"Branscomb, K. R. and E. A. Ethridge (2010). """"Promoting Professionalism in Infant Care: Lessons from a Yearlong Teacher Preparation Project."""" Journal of Early Childhood Teacher Education 31(3): 207-221."""""	" Teacher research served as both the content and frame of analysis for this study. Parallel teacher research projects took place over the course of a year as preservice teachers engaged in their first experience with teacher research as part of an infant-toddler development course and the first author (their instructor) engaged in teacher research of her own to assess the effectiveness of this project in enhancing the students' professional preparation to work with families of infants and toddlers. Seven preservice teachers who ranged from 20 to 49 years of age participated. Students engaged in research training, conducted parent interviews, collaboratively analyzed their findings, and advocated for parents by giving presentations at the local and national level. Data collected included student reflections, a postproject survey, and the first author's reflections on her teaching practices. Qualitative findings regarding the students' experiences and construction of knowledge throughout the project are shared in addition to the first authors' reflections on the lessons she learned as a teacher educator during this primarily student-led project. Implications for teacher education practices are included."""
0	"Bransfield, P., et al. (2007). Coaching to Build Support for Inquiry-Based Teaching."" Science Scope 30(5): 49-51."""	222	"Bransfield, P., et al. (2007). """"Coaching to Build Support for Inquiry-Based Teaching."""" Science Scope 30(5): 49-51."""""	" In teaching science today, the emphasis is on inquiry-based pedagogies, with the expectation that students in the science classroom will be exposed to the theories and practices of scientists in the science community. However, for many science teachers, implementing inquiry in the classroom is a daunting task. In the traditional classroom setting, knowledge is transferred from teacher to student through lectures, readings, and demonstrations. Students compete against each other rather than collaborate. Focus is mainly on the task, not the objective. Traditional pedagogies identify that students know science facts, but fail to recognize when students are lacking conceptual understanding as it applies to their lives. This article talks about coaching as a means to support inquiry-based teaching. Recognizing that teacher empowerment is the first step toward increasing student achievement, coaches support teachers as they relinquish nonproductive, traditional practices."""
0	"Brekalo, L. and S. Albers (2016). Effective logistics alliance design and management."" International Journal of Physical Distribution & Logistics Management 46(2): 212-240."""	223	"Brekalo, L. and S. Albers (2016). """"Effective logistics alliance design and management."""" International Journal of Physical Distribution & Logistics Management 46(2): 212-240."""""	" Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to argue that the productive analyses of logistics alliances in the literature have led to a multitude of heterogeneous contributions. These should be consolidated and systematized in order to synthesize the existing findings in a meaningful way and guide future research for effective design and management  and improve logistics alliance performance in practice. Design/methodology/approach - The authors use a systematic literature review to screen and consolidate current knowledge on effective design and management of logistics alliances. Findings - This paper categorizes the logistics literature on vertical and horizontal alliances into four key areas in order to systematically consolidate key performance factors, their sub-constructs and performance effects to identify implications for both research and practice. Research limitations/implications - Within the research agenda, the authors develop concrete research opportunities in four areas: horizontal logistics alliances  vertical logistics alliances  transfer of new research streams into the context of logistics alliances  and the incorporation of impediments and negative effects. Practical implications - By consolidating existing research results, the authors provide guidance for managers looking to establish or adapt logistics alliance structures and management systems. Originality/value - The consolidation of key performance impact factors on logistics alliances (both vertical and horizontal) provides a platform for further research. The developed agenda offers specific research opportunities to improve the understanding of logistics alliance performance."""
0	"Breugelmans, E., et al. (2015). Advancing research on loyalty programs: A future research agenda."" Marketing Letters 26(2): 127-139."""	224	"Breugelmans, E., et al. (2015). """"Advancing research on loyalty programs: A future research agenda."""" Marketing Letters 26(2): 127-139."""""	" Despite the growing literature on loyalty program (LP) research, many questions remain underexplored. Driven by advancements in information technology, marketing analytics, and consumer interface platforms (e.g., mobile devices), there have been many recent developments in LP practices around the world. They impose new challenges and create exciting opportunities for future LP research. The main objective of this paper is to identify missing links in the literature and to craft a future research agenda to advance LP research and practice. Our discussion focuses on three key areas: (1) LP designs, (2) Assessment of LP performance, and (3) Emerging trends and the impact of new technologies. We highlight several gaps in the literature and outline research opportunities in each area. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Brew, A. (2012). Teaching and Research: New Relationships and Their Implications for Inquiry-Based Teaching and Learning in Higher Education."" Higher Education Research and Development 31(1): 101-114."""	225	"Brew, A. (2012). """"Teaching and Research: New Relationships and Their Implications for Inquiry-Based Teaching and Learning in Higher Education."""" Higher Education Research and Development 31(1): 101-114."""""	" In order to bring teaching and research together, a fuller understanding of how academics conceptualise research and scholarship is needed. The paper discusses different ways in which research and scholarship are conceptualised and then provides two alternative models of the relationship between teaching and research based on different conceptions of teaching and different ideas about the nature of knowledge. The paper suggests that if the relationship between teaching and research is to be enhanced it is necessary to move towards a model based on the notion of academic communities of practice. The implications for higher education of doing this are then examined. It is argued that there is a need to reconceptualise the role of higher education and to renegotiate relationships between teachers and students. (Contains 3 figures.)"""
0	"Brew, A. and E. Jewell (2012). Enhancing Quality Learning through Experiences of Research-Based Learning: Implications for Academic Development."" International Journal for Academic Development 17(1): 47-58."""	226	"Brew, A. and E. Jewell (2012). """"Enhancing Quality Learning through Experiences of Research-Based Learning: Implications for Academic Development."""" International Journal for Academic Development 17(1): 47-58."""""	" Research into undergraduate research and inquiry in Australian universities was conducted during an Australian Learning and Teaching Council National Teaching Fellowship. In this paper we share experiences of this project as a student and an academic, reflecting on key challenges, including undergraduate research as an immersion experience for students  negotiating changing staff-student relationships  funding implications  and institutional challenges. We argue that academic developers have a key role in informing institutional policy concerning the integration of research and inquiry and interpreting the spirit of this for the academic community, bridging the divide between research staff and teaching staff, making links between research and teaching committees, changing academics' attitudes about the value and implications of undergraduate research, working with research staff on teaching and learning issues, and making available to staff resources to facilitate undergraduate research implementation."""
0.5	"Brewer, G., et al. (2012). Undergraduate research projects: Practice and perceptions."" Psychology Learning & Teaching 11(2): 208-217."""	227	"Brewer, G., et al. (2012). """"Undergraduate research projects: Practice and perceptions."""" Psychology Learning & Teaching 11(2): 208-217."""""	" Undergraduate research forms an integral part of higher education, and the research project in particular represents an important component of the undergraduate degree. This study investigated current practice and student and supervisor perceptions of undergraduate research, using both online surveys and telephone interviews. Important differences between student and supervisor perceptions of undergraduate research were identified. In particular, whilst both students and supervisors viewed the research project as a collaborative process, students reported that the project was more student led than supervisors rated it as being. Students were also more likely than supervisors to view activities as part of the supervisor role or to believe that the supervisor should act as a mentor. Students were less likely than supervisors to report that the research project enhanced skill development or that they were members of the departmental or psychological research community. There were no differences between supervisor estimates and direct student ratings of student satisfaction. Students were more satisfied if they believed that their project was student (as opposed to supervisor) led and that it advanced knowledge in the subject area. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Brewer, L. C., et al. (2014). African American women's perceptions and attitudes regarding participation in medical research: The Mayo Clinic/The Links, Incorporated partnership."" Journal of Women's Health 23(8): 681-687."""	228	"Brewer, L. C., et al. (2014). """"African American women's perceptions and attitudes regarding participation in medical research: The Mayo Clinic/The Links, Incorporated partnership."""" Journal of Women's Health 23(8): 681-687."""""	" Objective: To examine perceptions and attitudes toward health-related research participation among professional African American women. Methods: Participants were members of an African American women's service organization, The Links, Incorporated. Data were collected via self-administered questionnaires at The Links, Incorporated 2012 National Assembly. Sociodemographics, prior research experience, intention to participate (ITP), willingness to participate (WTP) in a variety of research studies and attitudes about research participation were measured. Results: A total of 381 surveys were analyzed. A majority of respondents were married (66%), employed (69%), and college educated (96%). Median age was 59  38% reported prior research participation. Overall, 78% agreed with the statement, 'Participation in research will mean better care,' 24% agreed 'Participation in research is risky' and 3% agreed 'Scientists cannot be trusted.' Fifty-two percent agreed with the statement, 'Research conducted in the U.S. is ethical.' Mean ITP in research was 4.9 ± 1.7 on a rating scale of 1 ('definitely no') to 7 ('definitely yes'). WTP was highest for an interview study and providing a blood sample, and lowest for clinical trial and medical record review. Conclusion: Attitudes toward research participation were generally favorable among professional African American women  many expressed WTP in a variety of research study types. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Brittin, J., et al. (2015). Physical Activity Design Guidelines for School Architecture."" Plos One 10(7)."""	229	"Brittin, J., et al. (2015). """"Physical Activity Design Guidelines for School Architecture."""" Plos One 10(7)."""""	" Increasing children's physical activity at school is a national focus in the U.S. to address childhood obesity. While research has demonstrated associations between aspects of school environments and students' physical activity, the literature currently lacks a synthesis of evidence to serve as a practical, spatially-organized resource for school designers and decision-makers, as well as to point to pertinent research opportunities. This paper describes the development of a new practical tool: Physical Activity Design Guidelines for School Architecture. Its aims are to provide architects and designers, as well as school planners, educators, and public health professionals, with strategies for making K-12 school environments conducive to healthy physical activity, and to engage scientists in transdisciplinary perspectives toward improved knowledge of the school environment's impact. We used a qualitative review process to develop evidence-based and theory-driven school design guidelines that promote increased physical activity among students. The design guidelines include specific strategies in 10 school design domains. Implementation of the guidelines is expected to enable students to adopt healthier physical activity behaviors. The tool bridges a translational gap between research and environmental design practice, and may contribute to setting new industry and education standards."""
0	"Brodsky, B. S., et al. (2013). Dialectical behavior therapy for psychiatric residency training programs."" Psychiatric Annals 43(4): 162-168."""	230	"Brodsky, B. S., et al. (2013). """"Dialectical behavior therapy for psychiatric residency training programs."""" Psychiatric Annals 43(4): 162-168."""""	" This article discusses a comprehensive dialectical behavior therapy clinical/research training curriculum to illustrate the value and importance of teaching dialectical behavior therapy to psychiatry residents, as well as the feasibility of implementing dialectical behavior therapy training within a general psychiatry residency program. The objectives of the Columbia University clinical curriculum are to have psychiatry residents to achieve basic clinical skill in dialectical behavior therapy, including knowledge of dialectical behavior therapy, learn to conceptualize a case from a dialectical behavior therapy perspective, and implement dialectical behavior therapy techniques toward the reduction of self-harm behaviors. Secondary aims of the training are to increase residents’ confidence in and ability to treat self-harm behaviors, and to develop a nonstigmatizing view of borderline personality disorder. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Brondizio, E. S., et al. (2016). Re-conceptualizing the Anthropocene: A call for collaboration."" Global Environmental Change-Human and Policy Dimensions 39: 318-327."""	231	"Brondizio, E. S., et al. (2016). """"Re-conceptualizing the Anthropocene: A call for collaboration."""" Global Environmental Change-Human and Policy Dimensions 39: 318-327."""""	" Since it was first proposed in 2000, the concept of the Anthropocene has evolved in breadth and diversely. The concept encapsulates the new and unprecedented planetary-scale changes resulting from societal transformations and has brought to the fore the social drivers of global change. The concept has revealed tensions between generalized interpretations of humanity's contribution to global change, and interpretations that are historically, politically and culturally situated. It motivates deep ethical questions about the politics and economics of global change, including diverse interpretations of past causes and future possibilities. As such, more than other concepts, the Anthropocene concept has brought front-and center epistemological divides between and within the natural and social sciences, and the humanities. It has also brought new opportunities for collaboration. Here we explore the potential and challenges of the concept to encourage integrative understandings of global change and sustainability. Based on bibliometric analysis and literature review, we discuss the now wide acceptance of the term, its interpretive flexibility, the emerging narratives as well as the debates the concept has inspired. We argue that without truly collaborative and integrative research, many of the critical exchanges around the concept are likely to perpetuate fragmented research agendas and to reinforce disciplinary boundaries. This means appreciating the strengths and limitations of different knowledge domains, approaches and perspectives, with the concept of the Anthropocene serving as a bridge, which we encourage researchers and others to cross. This calls for institutional arrangements that facilitate collaborative research, training, and action, yet also depends on more robust and sustained funding for such activities. To illustrate, we briefly discuss three overarching global change problems where novel types of collaborative research could make a difference: (1) Emergent properties of socioecological systems  (2) Urbanization and resource nexus  and (3) Systemic risks and tipping points. Creative tensions around the Anthropocene concept can help the research community to move toward new conceptual syntheses and integrative action-oriented approaches that are needed to producing useful knowledge commensurable with the challenges of global change and sustainability. (C) 2016 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd."""
0	"Bronson, S., et al. (2013). Bringing the Tools of Big Science to Bear on Local Environmental Challenges."" International Electronic Journal of Environmental Education 3(1): 89-100."""	232	"Bronson, S., et al. (2013). """"Bringing the Tools of Big Science to Bear on Local Environmental Challenges."""" International Electronic Journal of Environmental Education 3(1): 89-100."""""	" We describe an interactive collaborative environmental education project that makes advanced laboratory facilities at Brookhaven National Laboratory accessible for one-year or multi-year science projects for the high school level. Cyber-enabled Environmental Science (CEES) utilizes web conferencing software to bring multi-disciplinary, inquiry-based research opportunities to Districts who wish to participate. CEES serves as a model to show how students involved in distance learning and experimentation can engage in exciting, state-of-the-art research that enhances their skills for future Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) careers. High school research opportunities through CEES support all seven New York State Standards for mathematics, science and technology (MST), Common Core and 12 of the National Geography Standards."""
1	"Brown, A. M., et al. (2016). Development of a Structured Undergraduate Research Experience: Framework and Implications."" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 44(5): 463-474."""	233	"Brown, A. M., et al. (2016). """"Development of a Structured Undergraduate Research Experience: Framework and Implications."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 44(5): 463-474."""""	" Participating in undergraduate research can be a pivotal experience for students in life science disciplines. Development of critical thinking skills, in addition to conveying scientific ideas in oral and written formats, is essential to ensuring that students develop a greater understanding of basic scientific knowledge and the research process. Modernizing the current life sciences research environment to accommodate the growing demand by students for experiential learning is needed. By developing and implementing a structured, theory-based approach to undergraduate research in the life sciences, specifically biochemistry, it has been successfully shown that more students can be provided with a high-quality, high-impact research experience. The structure of this approach allowed students to develop novel, independent projects in a computational molecular modeling lab. Students engaged in an experience in which career goals, problem-solving skills, time management skills, and independence in a research lab were developed. After experiencing this approach to undergraduate research, students reported feeling challenged to think critically and prepared for future career paths. The approach allowed for a progressive learning environment where more undergraduate students could participate in publishable research. Future areas for development include implementation in a bench-top lab and extension to disciplines beyond biochemistry. In this study, it has been shown that utilizing the structured approach to undergraduate research could allow for more students to experience undergraduate research and develop into more confident, independent life scientists well prepared for graduate schools and professional research environments. (C) 2016 by The International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology."""
0	"Brown, C. H., et al. (2012). Partnerships for the design, conduct, and analysis of effectiveness, and implementation research: Experiences of the prevention science and methodology group."" Administration and Policy in Mental Health and Mental Health Services Research 39(4): 301-316."""	234	"Brown, C. H., et al. (2012). """"Partnerships for the design, conduct, and analysis of effectiveness, and implementation research: Experiences of the prevention science and methodology group."""" Administration and Policy in Mental Health and Mental Health Services Research 39(4): 301-316."""""	" What progress prevention research has made comes through strategic partnerships with communities and institutions that host this research, as well as professional and practice networks that facilitate the diffusion of knowledge about prevention. We discuss partnership issues related to the design, analysis, and implementation of prevention research and especially how rigorous designs, including random assignment, get resolved through a partnership between community stakeholders, institutions, and researchers. These partnerships shape not only study design, but they determine the data that can be collected and how results and new methods are disseminated. We also examine a second type of partnership to improve the implementation of effective prevention programs into practice. We draw on social networks to studying partnership formation and function. The experience of the Prevention Science and Methodology Group, which itself is a networked partnership between scientists and methodologists, is highlighted. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Brown, E. R., et al. (2015). Closing the communal gap: The importance of communal affordances in science career motivation."" Journal of Applied Social Psychology 45(12): 662-673."""	235	"Brown, E. R., et al. (2015). """"Closing the communal gap: The importance of communal affordances in science career motivation."""" Journal of Applied Social Psychology 45(12): 662-673."""""	" To remain competitive in the global economy, the United States (and other countries) is trying to broaden participation in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) by graduating an additional 1 million people in STEM fields by 2018. Although communion (working with, helping, and caring for others) is a basic human need, STEM careers are often (mis)perceived as being uncommunal. Across three naturalistic studies, we found greater support for the communal affordance hypothesis, that perceiving STEM careers as affording greater communion is associated with greater STEM career interest, than two alternative hypotheses derived from goal congruity theory. Importantly, these findings held regardless of major (Study 1), college enrollment (Study 2), and gender (Studies 1–3). For undergraduate research assistants, mid-semester beliefs that STEM affords communion predicted end of the semester STEM motivation (Study 3). Our data highlight the importance of educational and workplace motivational interventions targeting communal affordances beliefs about STEM. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0.5	"Brown, G. A., et al. (2008). A Fitness Screening Model for Increasing Fitness Assessment and Research Experiences in Undergraduate Exercise Science Students."" Advances in Physiology Education 32(3): 212-218."""	236	"Brown, G. A., et al. (2008). """"A Fitness Screening Model for Increasing Fitness Assessment and Research Experiences in Undergraduate Exercise Science Students."""" Advances in Physiology Education 32(3): 212-218."""""	" When students analyze and present original data they have collected, and hence have a cultivated sense of curiosity about the data, student learning is enhanced. It is often difficult to provide students an opportunity to practice their skills, use their knowledge, and gain research experiences during a typical course laboratory. This article describes a model of an out-of-classroom experience during which undergraduate exercise science students provide a free health and fitness screening to the campus community. Although some evidence of the effectiveness of this experience is presented, this is not a detailed evaluation of either the service or learning benefits of the fitness screening. Working in small learning groups in the classroom, students develop hypotheses about the health and fitness of the population to be screened. Then, as part of the health and fitness screening, participants are evaluated for muscular strength, aerobic fitness, body composition, blood pressure, physical activity, and blood cholesterol levels. Students then analyze the data collected during the screening, accept or reject their hypotheses based on statistical analyses of the data, and make in-class presentations of their findings. This learning experience has been used successfully to illustrate the levels of obesity, hypercholesterolemia, and lack of physical fitness in the campus community as well as provide an opportunity for students to use statistical procedures to analyze data. It has also provided students with an opportunity to practice fitness assessment and interpersonal skills that will enhance their future careers. (Contains 3 tables.)"""
0	"Brown, J. (2014). National Institutes of Health Support for Individual Mentored Career Development Grants in Emergency Medicine."" Academic Emergency Medicine 21(11): 1269-1273."""	237	"Brown, J. (2014). """"National Institutes of Health Support for Individual Mentored Career Development Grants in Emergency Medicine."""" Academic Emergency Medicine 21(11): 1269-1273."""""	" ObjectivesIndividual mentored career (K) awards made by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) are an important way for medical researchers to develop their research skills. This study determined the number of individual mentored (K) awards awarded to emergency medicine (EM) faculty over a 6-year period and compared it with six other specialties. MethodsThe NIH database of both submitted and funded K01, K08, and K23 applications was queried and crossed with the departmental affiliation of the principal investigator. The results were further analyzed with data from the Association of American Medical Colleges to determine the relationship between the number of awards and the size of the teaching and research faculty. ResultsFrom 2008 to 2013, there were a total of 45 career development submissions from principal investigators affiliated with departments of EM. Of these, 27 (60%) were successful. This success rate is the third lowest of the seven specialties in this analysis. Emergency physicians submit relatively few grants compared to the size of their faculty, and the funding rate, $1,959 per EM resident, was the second lowest of the six specialties examined. ConclusionsAlthough success rates are reasonable, EM investigators submit very few individual mentored career development applications. They should take greater advantage of this mechanism to further their research training. Resumen ObjetivosLas becas a la carrera profesional individual supervisada Individual mentored career (K) realizados por los National Institutes of Health (NIH) son una via importante para que los investigadores medicos desarrollen sus habilidades en investigacion. Este estudio determino el numero de becas a la carrera profesional individual supervisada otorgados a las facultades de Medicina de Urgencias y Emergencias (MUE) en un periodo de 6 anos y se comparo con otras seis especialidades. MetodologiaSe consulto en la base de datos de los NIH tanto de las solicitudes K01, K08 y K23 presentadas y otorgadas y se cruzaron con la filiacion del servicio del investigador principal. Los resultados se analizaron posteriormente con los datos de la Association of American Medical Colleges para determinar la relacion entre el numero de becas y el tamano de la facultad en investigacion y formacion. ResultadosDesde 2008 a 2013, hubo un total de 45 solicitudes de desarrollo de la carrera profesional de investigadores principales con filiacion en un Servicio de MUE. De estas, 27 (60%) fueron otorgadas. Este porcentaje de exito es el tercero mas bajo de las siete especialidades de este analisis. Los urgenciologos solicitan relativamente pocas becas en comparacion con el tamano de sus universidades y el porcentaje de financiacion, 1.959 dolares por residente de MUE, es el segundo mas bajo de las seis especialidades evaluadas. ConclusionesAunque los porcentajes de exito son razonables, los investigadores de MUE solicitan pocas becas para el desarrollo de la carrera profesional individual supervisada y deberian aprovechar mas este mecanismo para su futura formacion en investigacion."""
1	"Brown, J. A. (2016). Evaluating the Effectiveness of a Practical Inquiry-Based Learning Bioinformatics Module on Undergraduate Student Engagement and Applied Skills."" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 44(3): 304-313."""	238	"Brown, J. A. (2016). """"Evaluating the Effectiveness of a Practical Inquiry-Based Learning Bioinformatics Module on Undergraduate Student Engagement and Applied Skills."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 44(3): 304-313."""""	" A pedagogic intervention, in the form of an inquiry-based peer-assisted learning project (as a practical student-led bioinformatics module), was assessed for its ability to increase students' engagement, practical bioinformatic skills and process-specific knowledge. Elements assessed were process-specific knowledge following module completion, qualitative student-based module evaluation and the novelty, scientific validity and quality of written student reports. Bioinformatics is often the starting point for laboratory-based research projects, therefore high importance was placed on allowing students to individually develop and apply processes and methods of scientific research. Students led a bioinformatic inquiry-based project (within a framework of inquiry), discovering, justifying and exploring individually discovered research targets. Detailed assessable reports were produced, displaying data generated and the resources used. Mimicking research settings, undergraduates were divided into small collaborative groups, with distinctive central themes. The module was evaluated by assessing the quality and originality of the students' targets through reports, reflecting students' use and understanding of concepts and tools required to generate their data. Furthermore, evaluation of the bioinformatic module was assessed semi-quantitatively using pre- and post-module quizzes (a non-assessable activity, not contributing to their grade), which incorporated process- and content-specific questions (indicative of their use of the online tools). Qualitative assessment of the teaching intervention was performed using post-module surveys, exploring student satisfaction and other module specific elements. Overall, a positive experience was found, as was a post module increase in correct process-specific answers. In conclusion, an inquiry-based peer-assisted learning module increased students' engagement, practical bioinformatic skills and process-specific knowledge."""
1	"Brown, K. T. (2011). A Pedagogy of Blending Theory with Community-Based Research."" International Journal of Teaching and Learning in Higher Education 23(1): 119-127."""	239	"Brown, K. T. (2011). """"A Pedagogy of Blending Theory with Community-Based Research."""" International Journal of Teaching and Learning in Higher Education 23(1): 119-127."""""	" Blending activity theory and community-based research educational applications describes the praxis achieved through the initial design, development, implementation, and assessment of one research methods course as a pedagogy to enhance and improve the outcomes of civic and community engagement for the university, its students, and the community. The results from this approach were validated by using the DEAL model of reflection. The findings indicate significant heightened awareness in students' attitudes, knowledge, and engagement in their community through the use of this combination of activity theory and CBR. Through this pedagogical approach, undergraduate researchers were able to access and apply tested qualitative theory, conduct activities, and use reflective assessment tools. (Contains 2 figures.)"""
0	"Brown, L. K., et al. (2009). An Official American Thoracic Society Statement: Position Statement on ATS Activities for the Promotion of Respiratory and Sleep/Wake Health and the Care of the Critically III in the United States."" American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine 180(10): 1023-1029."""	240	"Brown, L. K., et al. (2009). """"An Official American Thoracic Society Statement: Position Statement on ATS Activities for the Promotion of Respiratory and Sleep/Wake Health and the Care of the Critically III in the United States."""" American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine 180(10): 1023-1029."""""	" Background: The 1997 American Thoracic Society (ATS) statement ""A Framework for Health Care Policy in the United States"""" outlined core principles for the Society's activities in the public health arena. In the succeeding 10 years, profound changes have taken place in the United States health care environment. In addition, the 2005 publication of the Society's Vision highlighted some differences between the original Statement and our current priorities. Therefore, the Health Policy Committee embarked on a re-analysis and restatement of the Society's attitudes and strategies with respect to health and public policy. This Statement reflects the findings of the Committee. Purpose: To outline the key aspects of an internal ATS strategy for the promotion of respiratory and sleep/wake health and the care of the critically ill in the United States. Methods: Committee discussion and consensus-building occurred both before and after individual members performed literature searches and drafted sections of the document. Comments were solicited on the draft document from ATS committee and assembly chairs and the Executive Committee, resulting in substantive revisions of the final document. Results: Specific strategies are suggested for the ATS in the arenas of research, training and education, patient care, and advocacy so as to enhance the delivery of health care in the fields of respiratory medicine, sleep medicine, and critical care. Conclusions: The American Thoracic Society's Mission, Core Principles, and Vision provide clear guidance for the formulation of specific strategies that will serve to promote improved respiratory health and care of the critically ill in the United States."""""
1	"Brown, S. and C. Melear (2007). Preservice Teachers' Research Experiences in Scientists' Laboratories."" Journal of Science Teacher Education 18(4): 573-597."""	241	"Brown, S. and C. Melear (2007). """"Preservice Teachers' Research Experiences in Scientists' Laboratories."""" Journal of Science Teacher Education 18(4): 573-597."""""	" To promote the use of scientific inquiry methods in K-12 classrooms, departments of teacher education must provide science teachers with experiences using such methods. To comply with state and national mandates, an apprenticeship course was designed to afford preservice secondary science teachers opportunities to engage in an authentic, extended, open-ended inquiry. This study describes three teachers' apprenticeship experiences with a research scientist. Our model included placing preservice teachers with scientists in expert/novice roles where each teacher would be actively engaged in constructing knowledge. From triangulating interview, laboratory notebook, and reflective summary data resources, we identified common themes from re-occurring statements. Findings indicated that participants acquired scientific skills and content knowledge  however, they expressed limited use of these in their classrooms."""
NaN		243	"Brownell, S. E. and M. J. Kloser (2015). """"Toward a Conceptual Framework for Measuring the Effectiveness of Course-Based Undergraduate Research Experiences in Undergraduate Biology."""" Studies in Higher Education 40(3): 525-544."""""	" Recent calls for reform have advocated for extensive changes to undergraduate science lab experiences, namely providing more authentic research experiences for students. Course-based Undergraduate Research Experiences (CUREs) have attempted to eschew the limitations of traditional ""cookbook"""" laboratory exercises and have received increasing visibility in the literature. However, evaluating the outcomes of these experiences remains inconsistent and incomplete partly because of differing goals and conceptual frameworks on the part of those both teaching and assessing the courses. This paper synthesizes existing literature on CUREs and assessment practices to propose a framework for how researchers and practitioners may better align the goals and evaluation practices of CUREs in order to provide a more consistent view of these reformed laboratory courses for the field."""""
1	"Brownell, S. E., et al. (2015). A High-Enrollment Course-Based Undergraduate Research Experience Improves Student Conceptions of Scientific Thinking and Ability to Interpret Data."" CBE - Life Sciences Education 14(2): 14."""	242	"Brownell, S. E., et al. (2015). """"A High-Enrollment Course-Based Undergraduate Research Experience Improves Student Conceptions of Scientific Thinking and Ability to Interpret Data."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 14(2): 14."""""	" We present an innovative course-based undergraduate research experience curriculum focused on the characterization of single point mutations in p53, a tumor suppressor gene that is mutated in more than 50% of human cancers. This course is required of all introductory biology students, so all biology majors engage in a research project as part of their training. Using a set of open-ended written prompts, we found that the course shifts student conceptions of what it means to think like a scientist from novice to more expert-like. Students at the end of the course identified experimental repetition, data analysis, and collaboration as important elements of thinking like a scientist. Course exams revealed that students showed gains in their ability to analyze and interpret data. These data indicate that this course-embedded research experience has a positive impact on the development of students' conceptions and practice of scientific thinking."""
0	"Brownie, S. (2008). From the CEO."" Australasian Psychiatry 16(1): 61-62."""	244	"Brownie, S. (2008). """"From the CEO."""" Australasian Psychiatry 16(1): 61-62."""""	" 2008 is forecast as another activity-filled year for the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists with many new initiatives underway. This year we are strengthening relationships and building capacity both at home and internationally. Opportunities for policy and engagement with the government in New Zealand continue to be significant. Regular meetings occur with the NZ Minister of Health and Ministry and the NZ National Committee and Project/Policy Officer are establishing relationships with the four national centres for workforce, research and development to discuss work plans and identify common ground for collaboration. The work has initially commenced with Te Pou, a workforce development organisation which specialises in general mental health research and development. The strengthened policy capacity in the New Zealand office is allowing the team to respond to an increasing number of submissions and proposals. The collaboration will involve the exchange of research, experience, information, knowledge regarding medical specialist training and examination, publications and the organisation of joint activities and research projects. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Browning, B., et al. (2016). Nurses' Attitudes Toward Clinical Research: Experience of the Therapeutic Hypothermia After Pediatric Cardiac Arrest Trials."" Pediatric Critical Care Medicine 17(3): e121-e129."""	245	"Browning, B., et al. (2016). """"Nurses' Attitudes Toward Clinical Research: Experience of the Therapeutic Hypothermia After Pediatric Cardiac Arrest Trials."""" Pediatric Critical Care Medicine 17(3): e121-e129."""""	" Objectives: To understand factors affecting nurses' attitudes toward the Therapeutic Hypothermia After Pediatric Cardiac Arrest trials and association with approach/consent rates. Design: Cross-sectional survey of pediatric/cardiac intensive care nurses' perceptions of the trials. Setting: Study was conducted at 16 of 38 self-selected study sites. Subjects: Pediatric and cardiac intensive care nurses. Measurements and Main Results: The primary outcome was the proportion of nurses with positive perceptions, as defined by agree or strongly agree with the statement ""I am happy to take care of a Therapeutic Hypothermia after Pediatric Cardiac Arrest patient"""". Associations between perceptions and study approach/consent rates were also explored. Of 2,241 nurses invited, 1,387 (62%) completed the survey and 77% reported positive perceptions of the trials. Nurses, who felt positively about the scientific question, the study team, and training received, were more likely to have positive perceptions of the trials (p < 0.001). Nurses who had previously cared for a research patient had significantly more positive perceptions of Therapeutic Hypothermia After Pediatric Cardiac Arrest compared with those who had not (79% vs 54%""  p < 0.001). Of the 754 nurses who cared for a Therapeutic Hypothermia After Pediatric Cardiac Arrest patient, 82% had positive perceptions, despite 86% reporting it required more work. Sixty-nine percent believed that hypothermia reduces brain injury and mortality  sites had lower consent rates when their nurses believed that hypothermia was beneficial. Institution-specific approach rates were positively correlated with nurses' perceptions of institutional support for the trial (r = 0.54  p = 0.04), ICU support (r = 0.61  p = 0.02), and the importance of conducting the trial in children (r = 0.61  p = 0.01). Conclusions: The majority of nurses had positive perceptions of the Therapeutic Hypothermia After Pediatric Cardiac Arrest trials. Institutional, colleague, and study team support and training were contributing factors. Despite increased work, nurses remained enthusiastic demonstrating that studies with intensive bedside nursing procedures are feasible. Institutions whose nurses believed hypothermia was beneficial had lower consent rates, suggesting that educating nurses on study rationale and equipoise may enhance study participation."""
0	"Brownlie, J. (2009). Researching, not playing, in the public sphere."" Sociology 43(4): 699-716."""	246	"Brownlie, J. (2009). """"Researching, not playing, in the public sphere."""" Sociology 43(4): 699-716."""""	" Journals and research networks are awash with advice about how best to promote children and young people's participation, with young people's involvement in the doing of research often presented as a specific expression of this wider good. Most of this discussion, however, is concerned with methods, the practicalities of securing research involvement and, more recently, with research training. At the same time, wider debates about the uses of sociological research have unfolded at an abstract level, framed in terms of 'knowledge for what' and 'knowledge for whom' with little focus on research practice, including who is carrying it out. In this article, I examine the 'young researcher' to do two things: embed discussions about young people's research participation in long-standing epistemological and political debates about the role of research  and add to the broader sociological debate by foregrounding the question of who carries out research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Broyles, L. M., et al. (2013). A scoping review of interdisciplinary collaboration in addictions education and training."" Journal of Addictions Nursing 24(1): 29-36."""	247	"Broyles, L. M., et al. (2013). """"A scoping review of interdisciplinary collaboration in addictions education and training."""" Journal of Addictions Nursing 24(1): 29-36."""""	" Developing a workforce of multidisciplinary healthcare professionals equipped with the knowledge and skills to collaboratively address the public health crisis of alcohol and other drug (AOD) use is critical for effectively identifying, preventing, and managing AOD conditions and their sequelae. Despite general enthusiasm for interdisciplinary education and training, little is known overall about the nature and outcomes of interdisciplinary collaboration in addictions education and training. We conducted a five-stage scoping review of the literature to provide an eight domain overview of the state of interdisciplinary collaboration in addictions education (ICAE). In our final review of 30 articles, we identified a lack of conceptual and terminological clarity around ICAE but a wide range of learners and professional collaborators in ICAE initiatives, which focused on a variety of AOD topics and used a constellation of didactic, interactive, and service-learning teaching strategies and formats. Although we found limited substantive educational or practice-oriented outcomes available for ICAE initiatives, learner and faculty feedback reflected high enthusiasm for ICAE and widespread perceptions of benefit for improved clinical care. Facilitators and barriers to the implementation of ICAE initiatives occurred at the level of the individual and the institution and ranged from pragmatic to conceptual. Emerging trends in ICAE initiatives included increased application of learning and implementation theory and extension of ICAE into research training. We conclude with recommendations to support ICAE as a new paradigm for addictions education for all health professionals. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Brubaker, L. and K. Kenton (2011). Clinical Research Education Study Teams A Research Curriculum for Obstetric and Gynecology Residents."" Obstetrics and Gynecology 117(6): 1403-1407."""	248	"Brubaker, L. and K. Kenton (2011). """"Clinical Research Education Study Teams A Research Curriculum for Obstetric and Gynecology Residents."""" Obstetrics and Gynecology 117(6): 1403-1407."""""	" Research education is a requirement for obstetrics and gynecology residents. Most obstetrics and gynecology residencies struggle with barriers to efficient, effective research education and productivity for their residents. These barriers include constraints on faculty time, lack of intrinsic desire within individual residents, and lack of relevant outcome measures. We developed an efficient, novel research education curriculum that overcomes many of these barriers and provides obstetrics and gynecology residents with a structured format that maximizes the likelihood of a successful, positive research experience. Since the start of the Clinical Research Education Study Team program, the graduating resident cohorts reliably complete and present prospective research projects, including three registered randomized trials. Residency-wide support for other team research has grown dramatically. The residents' work was acknowledged with several research awards, which further reinforces the positive perception of the program. The certainty of completion of their research requirement relieved our residents of the anxiety commonly reported by residents nearing graduation. The Clinical Research Education Study Team program's team design makes efficient use of faculty time. In addition, Clinical Research Education Study Team mentors also have incorporated junior faculty members who wish to improve their own research education skills. We offer our experience with this program in hopes that it may be of value to other programs that wish to improve their resident research education curriculum. It remains important for residents to acquire research skills before continuing into practice or fellowship. The Clinical Research Education Study Team program facilitates this education in an efficient, organized manner. (Obstet Gynecol 2011 117:1403-7) DOI: 10.1097/AOG.0b013e3182179705"""
0	"Bruce, M. A., et al. (2014). Knowledge and perceptions about clinical trial participation among African American and Caucasian college students."" Journal of Racial and Ethnic Health Disparities 1(4): 337-342."""	249	"Bruce, M. A., et al. (2014). """"Knowledge and perceptions about clinical trial participation among African American and Caucasian college students."""" Journal of Racial and Ethnic Health Disparities 1(4): 337-342."""""	" Objectives: The objectives of the study were to examine knowledge and perceptions of undergraduate and graduate students regarding participation in clinical trials and explore the degree to which knowledge and perceptions about research participation can vary by race. Methods: A cross-sectional survey was administered to undergraduate and graduate students between 18 and 35 years of age at a public minority-serving institution and a private, predominately-white university in the Southern United States. A total of 171 African American students and 119 Caucasian students completed the survey. Results: Descriptive analyses were conducted and T- and chi-square tests were used to assess racial differences across key indicators. Fifty-nine percent of respondents were African American and 41 % were male. African American and Caucasian participants had similar experiences with research participation and had comparable knowledge about research participation. Racial differences were found in two areas. African American students with no prior research experience were more willing to participate in a future clinical trial (33 vs 22 %, p < 0.0001) and had a higher average perception of clinical research score (29.7 vs 27.4 %, p < 0.001). Conclusions: The results from this study suggest that the gap between African American and Caucasian knowledge and perceptions about research may be closing and additional studies are needed to explore how generational differences can impact these factors among underrepresented groups. A deeper understanding of key influences associated with knowledge and perceptions among hard-to-reach populations would go a long way toward the development of culturally relevant and respectful clinical trial education programs that would inform potential participants before recruitment. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0.5	"Bruce, M. R. M., et al. (2016). Polymers and Cross-Linking: A CORE Experiment To Help Students Think on the Submicroscopic Level."" Journal of Chemical Education 93(9): 1599-1605."""	250	"Bruce, M. R. M., et al. (2016). """"Polymers and Cross-Linking: A CORE Experiment To Help Students Think on the Submicroscopic Level."""" Journal of Chemical Education 93(9): 1599-1605."""""	" The Polymers and Cross-Linking experiment is presented via a new three phase learning cycle: CORE (Chemical Observations, Representations, Experimentation), which is designed to model productive chemical inquiry and to promote a deeper understanding about the chemistry operating at the submicroscopic level. The experiment is built on two familiar activities often used in public outreach: mixing solutions of poly(vinyl alcohol) and sodium borate, producing the substance known as ""slime"""", and linking paper clips as an analogy to represent polymers. In phase 1 of the CORE experiment, students prepare slime, and explore the properties of the separate solutions and slime. In phase 2, students use analogical reasoning to think about a representation for considering the chemistry at the submicroscopic level. The analogy activity includes using an Analog to Target Worksheet to carefully consider similarities and differences between the analog (paper clip chains) and target (polymers). Phase 3 begins with pairs of students designing experiments in response to this question: How do different proportions of the two reactants, poly(vinyl alcohol) and sodium borate, affect the material properties of the new polymer that is formed? In a recent JCE paper, we report the capacity for students to engage in using analogical reasoning when conducting the Polymer and Cross-Linking experiment. In this paper, we include an analysis of a postlab question, asking students to propose an alternative analogy that could be used in the lab experiment. Detailed analysis of a subset (23 out of 312) of student-generated alternative analogies is provided in Supporting Information. Together with the previously published paper, the data provides insight into student thinking about using analogical reasoning in the Polymers and Cross-Linking CORE experiment."""""
0	"Bruns, V., et al. (2008). The role of human capital in loan officers' decision policies."" Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice 32(3): 485-506."""	251	"Bruns, V., et al. (2008). """"The role of human capital in loan officers' decision policies."""" Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice 32(3): 485-506."""""	" Using a human-capital perspective and the similarity-attraction paradigm, we examine the role of general and specific human capital in the decision policies of 114 Swedish loan officers in their assessments of small-business loan requests. We found that human capital characteristics had marginal impact on decision policy contingencies and that specific human capital had no significant influence on the probability of loan approval. However, we did find that the similarity between the loan officers' human capital and the applicants' human capital was a significant indicator of loan approval. The findings offer interesting insight into the heterogeneity of loan decision processes and outcomes and future research opportunities are suggested."""
0	"Brush, T. and J. W. Saye (2009). Strategies for Preparing Preservice Social Studies Teachers to Integrate Technology Effectively: Models and Practices."" Contemporary Issues in Technology and Teacher Education (CITE Journal) 9(1): 45-59."""	252	"Brush, T. and J. W. Saye (2009). """"Strategies for Preparing Preservice Social Studies Teachers to Integrate Technology Effectively: Models and Practices."""" Contemporary Issues in Technology and Teacher Education (CITE Journal) 9(1): 45-59."""""	" This paper describes strategies used by the authors to assist preservice social studies teachers with understanding and applying models and practices for effectively integrating technology into their future classrooms--thus, strengthening the link between technology and pedagogy (or technological pedagogical content knowledge). Efforts with preservice teachers described here have been informed by the authors' successes assisting in-service teachers with understanding how technology can empower inquiry-based teaching practices in social studies classrooms, as well as efforts to more fully integrate technology into the overall teacher education programs at the authors' institutions. (Contains 5 figures.)"""
0	"Bryce, C. M., et al. (2016). Exploring Models in the Biology Classroom."" American Biology Teacher 78(1): 35-42."""	253	"Bryce, C. M., et al. (2016). """"Exploring Models in the Biology Classroom."""" American Biology Teacher 78(1): 35-42."""""	" Models are simplified representations of more complex systems that help scientists structure the knowledge they acquire. As such, they are ubiquitous and invaluable in scientific research and communication. Because science education strives to make classroom activities more closely reflect science in practice, models have become integral teaching and learning tools woven throughout the Next Generation Science Standards (NGSS). Although model-based learning and curriculum are not novel in educational theory, only recently has modeling taken center stage in K-12 national standards for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) classes. We present a variety of examples to outline the importance of various types of models and the practice of modeling in biological research, as well as the emphasis of NGSS on their use in both classroom learning and assessment. We then suggest best practices for creating and modifying models in the context of student-driven inquiry and demonstrate that even subtle incorporation of modeling into existing science curricula can help achieve student learning outcomes, particularly for English-language learners. In closing, we express the value of models and modeling in life beyond the classroom and research laboratory, and highlight the critical importance of ""model literacy"""" for the next generation of scientists, engineers, and problem-solvers."""""
0	"Buchanan, N., et al. (2013). Opportunities for public health communication, intervention, and future research on breast cancer in younger women."" Journal of Women's Health 22(4): 293-298."""	254	"Buchanan, N., et al. (2013). """"Opportunities for public health communication, intervention, and future research on breast cancer in younger women."""" Journal of Women's Health 22(4): 293-298."""""	" Background: Approximately 6% of breast cancers in the United States occur in women under the age of 40 years. Compared with women ≥ 40 years of age, younger women are diagnosed at later stages, have higher rates of recurrence and death, and may be predisposed to secondary breast or ovarian cancer. An informal meeting of experts discussed opportunities for research and public health communication related to breast cancer among young (< 40 and/or premenopausal) women. Methods: In September 2011, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention hosted 18 experts in oncology, genetics, behavioral science, survivorship and advocacy, public health, communication, ethics, nutrition, physical activity, and environmental health. They (1) reviewed research and programmatic knowledge on risk and preventive factors, early detection, and survivorship  and (2) discussed ideas for research, communication, and programmatic efforts related to young women diagnosed with or at risk for early onset breast cancer. Results: Levels of evidence and themes for future research regarding risk and preventive factors, including exposures, were discussed. Early detection strategies, including screening, risk assessment, and genetic counseling, as well as survivorship issues, follow-up care, fertility and reproductive health, and psychosocial care were highlighted. Conclusion: Community and academic researchers, providers, advocates, and the federal public health community discussed strategies and opportunities for this unique population. Although the evidence is limited, future research and communication activities may be useful to organize future public health initiatives. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Bugarcic, A., et al. (2012). An Inquiry-Based Practical for a Large, Foundation-Level Undergraduate Laboratory that Enhances Student Understanding of Basic Cellular Concepts and Scientific Experimental Design."" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 40(3): 174-180."""	255	"Bugarcic, A., et al. (2012). """"An Inquiry-Based Practical for a Large, Foundation-Level Undergraduate Laboratory that Enhances Student Understanding of Basic Cellular Concepts and Scientific Experimental Design."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 40(3): 174-180."""""	" Student-centered education involving research experiences or inquiry have been shown to help undergraduate students understand, and become excited about, the process of scientific investigation. These benefits are particularly important for students in the early stages of their degree (Report and Kenny, http://naplesccsunysbedu/Pres/boyernsf/1998). However, embedding such experiences into the curriculum is particularly difficult when dealing with early stage students, who are in larger cohorts and often lack the background content knowledge necessary to engage with primary research literature and research level methods and equipment. We report here the design, delivery, assessment, and subsequent student learning outcomes of a 4-week practical module for 120 students at the beginning of their second year of university, which successfully engages students in designing cell culture experiments and in understanding the molecular processes and machinery involved in the basic cellular process of macropinocytosis."""
0	"Bullock, M. and G. Soygüt (2011). Report on the Advanced Research and Training Seminars (ARTS) 2010."" International Journal of Psychology 46(2): 153-158."""	256	"Bullock, M. and G. Soygüt (2011). """"Report on the Advanced Research and Training Seminars (ARTS) 2010."""" International Journal of Psychology 46(2): 153-158."""""	" The 2010 Advanced Research and Training Seminars (ARTS) program is described, with a history of the ARTS program, its reorganization in 2009, and implementation in 2010. ARTS is held every two years at a major international congress, and is designed to enhance research skills, promote attendance at international congresses, and provide networking possibilities for scholars from developing countries. From over 85 applicants, 46 psychologists from 18 countries, with a median age of 34, were selected to participate in one of three ARTS seminars, held in Melbourne, Australia in the summer of 2010. Each seminar was evaluated by participants and conveners. Program details and future directions are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Bulunuz, M., et al. (2016). Pre-Service Teacher Scientific Behavior: Comparative Study of Paired Science Project Assignments."" Eurasian Journal of Educational Research(62): 195-218."""	257	"Bulunuz, M., et al. (2016). """"Pre-Service Teacher Scientific Behavior: Comparative Study of Paired Science Project Assignments."""" Eurasian Journal of Educational Research(62): 195-218."""""	" Problem Statement: University students usually lack the skills to rigorously define a multi-dimensional real-life problem and its limitations in an explicit, clear and testable way, which prevents them from forming a reliable method, obtaining relevant results and making balanced judgments to solve a problem. Purpose of the Study: The study examines the processes undergone by students in two projects and the results of these projects. One of the projects was on the subject of heat waste in the buildings of a university's school of education. The other project was a new version of that project conducted by a group of students in the following year. Method: The study was conducted with eight pre-service science teachers who were third-year students in the Science Teaching and Laboratory Practices course at a state university's education school located in Turkey's Marmara Region. Case study, a qualitative research method, is used to obtain detailed and in-depth information. The research data for this report were obtained from the students' project posters, interviews with the instructor and semi-structured interview records of interviews with the students. Findings: In the first project, pre-service teachers had serious difficulty identifying a testable research problem they encountered every day as well as developing a method to solve such a problem. Therefore, the collected data could not be analyzed because of the complexity of the data, the failure to adjust the plan to reality and the abundance of variables. Pre-service teachers in the second project began by determining an explicit, clear and testable research problem, including dependent and independent variables, regarding the waste of heat in university buildings. Two factors were very influential for this project's success. First, re-evaluating a previous research problem was more advantageous than determining a research problem from scratch, which can be explained by the fact that science is a process that progresses cyclically and cumulatively. Second, there was more intense dialogue and cooperation between the instructor and the students in the second project than in the first project. Conclusion and Recommendations: The present study revealed that when linear scientific research project practices are replaced with cyclical scientific research processes, new and more advanced projects with a wider sphere of influence can be achieved. Providing pre-service teachers with scientific research opportunities is a way to help spread the attitudes and skills needed for research, development and innovative thinking more widely throughout society."""
1	"Burge, S. K. and J. H. Hill (2014). The Medical Student Summer Research Program in Family Medicine."" Family Medicine 46(1): 45-48."""	258	"Burge, S. K. and J. H. Hill (2014). """"The Medical Student Summer Research Program in Family Medicine."""" Family Medicine 46(1): 45-48."""""	" BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVES: A variety of clinical research training programs exist throughout the United States, although little is known about their methods, content, and outcomes. This report describes a model of clinical research training designed to teach medical students research processes in family medicine, while yielding data for research studies. Authors present a description and evaluation of the program, focusing on students' research productivity. METHODS: Forty medical students participated in a 6-week clinical research training program from 2006-2012. This program was led by an experienced investigator and 10 family medicine faculty mentors. Classroom instruction provided an introduction to research design in Week 1 and research writing and dissemination in Week 6. In between, medical students implemented studies in multiple outpatient clinical settings in the Residency Research Network of Texas (RRNET). RESULTS: The Medical Student Summer Research Program in Family Medicine was well received by medical students who demonstrated consistent productivity year after year. All students displayed findings during Medical Student Research Day, and one third continued their work beyond that event, producing 22 presentations, two manuscripts, seven published abstracts, and seven research honors. CONCLUSIONS: Opportunities for medical students to develop research skills should be central to medical school education. Familiarity with the research process improves medical students' ability to understand, critique, and use evidence-based medicine in practice, to explain the latest findings to their patients, and to consider careers as clinician-scientists."""
0	"Burgess, A., et al. (2015). Student ability and learning experience in assessing peers alongside supervisors in the long case."" Focus on Health Professional Education-a Multidisciplinary Journal 16(2): 27-41."""	259	"Burgess, A., et al. (2015). """"Student ability and learning experience in assessing peers alongside supervisors in the long case."""" Focus on Health Professional Education-a Multidisciplinary Journal 16(2): 27-41."""""	" Background: Peer assessment can provide a valuable method of enriching students' learning experience, particularly when students act as the assessors, which provides a highly effective enquiry-based learning experience and is increasingly being utilised in medical schools internationally. In preparation for their summative examinations, senior medical students at the Sydney Medical School are required to assess their peers, alongside an academic co-examiner, in the formative long case examinations. This study sought to assess the level of agreement in marking and decision making between student peer and academic assessors, to evaluate the impact of peer assessment on examination performance and to investigate students' perception of their experience as assessors. Methods: Medical students examined their peers, alongside an academic co-examiner. We randomly allocated half of the student participants to examine a peer, alongside an academic assessor, prior to being examined themselves. The level of agreement in marking was determined by comparing the independent marking sheets of student and academic co-examiners. Data on whether the student was examined before or after assessing a peer (order of examination) were collected and compared to measure whether prior participation as a peer assessor improved student examination performance. Questionnaires and focus group discussions were used to evaluate student peer assessor perceptions. Results: Over a 3-year period (2010 to 2012), 197 students participated as coexaminers and were also examined by their peers, with students marking significantly more leniently than their academic co-examiners. Order of examination had no significant bearing on student examination performance. Students identified several benefits of acting as an examiner, including better insight into examination technique, opportunities for self-reflection and knowledge acquisition, and development of some of the attributes of professionalism. However, students identified difficulty in providing critical feedback to peers. Conclusion: Engagement as an assessor alongside an academic supervisor provides a rich learning experience for students. Additional training in both peer assessment and feedback may increase students' professional and educational outcomes for future iterations of the activity."""
0	"Burgin, S. R., et al. (2012). High School Student Participation in Scientific Research Apprenticeships: Variation in and Relationships Among Student Experiences and Outcomes."" Research in Science Education 42(3): 439-467."""	260	"Burgin, S. R., et al. (2012). """"High School Student Participation in Scientific Research Apprenticeships: Variation in and Relationships Among Student Experiences and Outcomes."""" Research in Science Education 42(3): 439-467."""""	" Research apprenticeships for secondary students provide authentic contexts for learning science in which students engage in scientific investigations with practicing scientists in working laboratory groups. Student experiences in these research apprenticeships vary depending on the individual nature of the laboratory in which students have been placed. This study explores potential relationships among student experiences in apprenticeship contexts and desired student outcomes (e.g. science content knowledge, understandings of nature of science, and aspirations for science oriented career plans). The following two research questions guided the study: How do participant experiences in and outcomes resulting from an authentic research program for high school students vary? How does variation in participant experiences in an authentic research program relate to participant outcomes? Primary data sources were student and mentor interviews in addition to student generated concept maps. Results indicated that the greatest variance in student experiences existed in the categories of collaboration, epistemic involvement, and understandings of the significance of research results. The greatest variation in desired student outcomes was observed in student understandings of nature of science and in students' future science plans. Results suggested that collaboration and interest in the project were experience aspects most likely to be related to desired outcomes. Implications for the design of research apprenticeships for secondary students are discussed."""
0	"Burgoine, T., et al. (2011). 'These kids can't write abstracts': reflections on a postgraduate writing and publishing workshop."" Area 43(4): 463-469."""	261	"Burgoine, T., et al. (2011). """"'These kids can't write abstracts': reflections on a postgraduate writing and publishing workshop."""" Area 43(4): 463-469."""""	" There has been a lack of attention given - in both academic literature and in research training - to providing graduate students with the necessary knowledge and skills to write for publication. The aim of this article is to explore our experiences of participating in a three-day residential postgraduate writing and publishing workshop that was designed to address skills provision in these terms. We reflect upon three specific issues in particular: demystifying the writing and publishing process, being mentored in a multidisciplinary context, and the politics and practices of co-authorship. The benefits of our participation in this workshop included increased confidence in writing, gaining the tools for navigating the publishing process, and personal and professional development as writers and scholars. We conclude by proposing that residential writing and publishing workshops might usefully be made available to a broader range of graduate students."""
0	"Burgoyne, L. N., et al. (2010). Undergraduate medical research: the student perspective."" Medical Education Online 15."""	262	"Burgoyne, L. N., et al. (2010). """"Undergraduate medical research: the student perspective."""" Medical Education Online 15."""""	" Background: Research training is essential in a modern undergraduate medical curriculum. Our evaluation aimed to (a) gauge students' awareness of research activities, (b) compare students' perceptions of their transferable and research-specific skills competencies, (c) determine students' motivation for research and (d) obtain students' personal views on doing research. Methods: Undergraduate medical students (N = 317) completed a research skills questionnaire developed by the Centre for Excellence in Teaching and Learning in Applied Undergraduate Research Skills (CETL-AURS) at Reading University. The questionnaire assessed students' transferable skills, research-specific skills (e.g., study design, data collection and data analysis), research experience and attitude and motivation towards doing research. Results: The majority of students are motivated to pursue research. Graduate entrants and male students appear to be the most confident regarding their research skills competencies. Although all students recognise the role of research in medical practice, many are unaware of the medical research activities or successes within their university. Of those who report no interest in a career incorporating research, a common perception was that researchers are isolated from patients and clinical practice. Discussion: Students have a narrow definition of research and what it entails. An explanation for why research competence does not align more closely with research motivation is derived from students' lack of understanding of the concept of translational research, as well as a lack of awareness of the research activity being undertaken by their teachers and mentors. We plan to address this with specific research awareness initiatives."""
0	"Burke-Miller, J. K., et al. (2010). Promoting self-determination and financial security through innovative asset building approaches."" Psychiatric Rehabilitation Journal 34(2): 104-112."""	263	"Burke-Miller, J. K., et al. (2010). """"Promoting self-determination and financial security through innovative asset building approaches."""" Psychiatric Rehabilitation Journal 34(2): 104-112."""""	" Topic: Studies indicate that asset development programs such as Individual Development Accounts (IDAs) can enhance the economic security of low-income populations  however, only a handful of asset development programs have been implemented specifically to serve people with psychiatric disabilities, and larger programs have not collected disability-specific information. Purpose: The purpose of this article is to increase our knowledge about the use of IDAs to enhance self-determination and recovery for people with psychiatric disabilities. Sources used: Background information about IDAs is presented followed by case studies of two IDA programs that serve people with psychiatric disabilities. Conclusions: The use of IDA programs in enhancing self-determination among people with psychiatric disabilities is discussed, along with barriers and future directions. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Burkett, S., et al. (2015). Tracking Student Participants from a REU Site with NAE Grand Challenges as the Common Theme."" American Journal of Engineering Education 6(2): 125-134."""	264	"Burkett, S., et al. (2015). """"Tracking Student Participants from a REU Site with NAE Grand Challenges as the Common Theme."""" American Journal of Engineering Education 6(2): 125-134."""""	" The National Academy of Engineering (NAE) Grand Challenges provides the theme for this NSFfunded Research Experience for Undergraduates (REU) site. Research topics, with their broad societal impact, allow undergraduate students from multiple engineering disciplines and computer science to work together on exciting and critical problems. The approach to addressing the need for research in critical technical areas includes: providing research training in multi-disciplinary research fields  developing technical and professional skills  networking with fellow REU students and participating faculty advisors  and raising student interest and awareness in both graduate studies and our nation's most critical problems. The Grand Challenges investigated by student participants include: making solar energy economical  providing access to clean water  advancing health informatics  securing cyberspace  restoring and improving urban infrastructure  engineering the tools of scientific discovery  engineering better medicines  and advancing personalized learning. Over a three-year period, 34 students participated in the REU Site and 58.8% were students underrepresented in engineering. The student participants published their work and gave presentations in regional and national conferences. Several graduate students gained leadership experience by assisting in program coordination. Based on surveys, overall, student participants value most the opportunity to contribute to a research group on exciting and relevant problems. Tracking efforts resulted in locating 100% of the student participants. We found 38.2% completed their undergraduate degrees and now have positions in industry  38.2% are currently in graduate school and 8.8% have completed their graduate degrees  14.7% are still pursuing engineering or computer science undergraduate degrees."""
0	"Burnett, C., et al. (2016). Evaluation of a Clinical Cancer Trial Research Training Workshop: Helping Nurses Build Capacity in Southwest Virginia."" Public Health Nursing 33(6): 565-572."""	265	"Burnett, C., et al. (2016). """"Evaluation of a Clinical Cancer Trial Research Training Workshop: Helping Nurses Build Capacity in Southwest Virginia."""" Public Health Nursing 33(6): 565-572."""""	" Residents of Southwest Virginia (SWVA) face significant barriers in accessing the most advanced forms of cancer care, cancer risk reduction, and clinical trials involvement. A collaboration between the University of Virginia (UVA) Cancer Center and UVA School of Nursing was forged with oncology caregivers in this region to build community capacity to support Cancer Clinical trials (CCT) by strengthening the workforce, and thus improving health outcomes for this underserved region of Appalachia. The UVA School of Nursing designed an educational workshop focusing on the basics of CCT to facilitate the development of a skilled nursing workforce in the SWVA region that could provide care to patients on protocol and/or to encourage residents to participate in trials. The goal of the workshop was to offer a CCT training session for oncology nurses that fostered the knowledge and skills necessary to facilitate and support CCT infrastructure across this high-risk region. This evaluation reports the learning outcomes of the CCT training on 32 nurse participants from SWVA. Evaluations of the training program showed high rates of satisfaction, increased comfort level with CCTs, and increased knowledge and attitude toward CCTs. These findings provide information about a curriculum that could be useful in educating other oncology nurses and student nurses how to care for patients who may be enrolled in a clinical trial. Nurses can also be advocates for participation in clinical trials once they have the knowledge and are comfortable in their own understanding of a trial's usefulness. Educating the nursing workforce is an essential component of building capacity and infrastructure to support clinical trials research."""
1	"Burnette, J. M. and S. R. Wessler (2013). Transposing from the Laboratory to the Classroom to Generate Authentic Research Experiences for Undergraduates."" Genetics 193(2): 367-+."""	266	"Burnette, J. M. and S. R. Wessler (2013). """"Transposing from the Laboratory to the Classroom to Generate Authentic Research Experiences for Undergraduates."""" Genetics 193(2): 367-+."""""	" Large lecture classes and standardized laboratory exercises are characteristic of introductory biology courses. Previous research has found that these courses do not adequately convey the process of scientific research and the excitement of discovery. Here we propose a model that provides beginning biology students with an inquiry-based, active learning laboratory experience. The Dynamic Genome course replicates a modern research laboratory focused on eukaryotic transposable elements where beginning undergraduates learn key genetics concepts, experimental design, and molecular biological skills. Here we report on two key features of the course, a didactic module and the capstone original research project. The module is a modified version of a published experiment where students experience how virtual transposable elements from rice (Oryza sativa) are assayed for function in transgenic Arabidopsis thaliana. As part of the module, students analyze the phenotypes and genotypes of transgenic plants to determine the requirements for transposition. After mastering the skills and concepts, students participate in an authentic research project where they use computational analysis and PCR to detect transposable element insertion site polymorphism in a panel of diverse maize strains. As a consequence of their engagement in this course, students report large gains in their ability to understand the nature of research and demonstrate that they can apply that knowledge to independent research projects."""
0	"Burns, K. D., et al. (2010). The KRESCENT Program: An initiative to match supply and demand for kidney research in Canada."" Clinical and Investigative Medicine 33(6): E356-E367."""	267	"Burns, K. D., et al. (2010). """"The KRESCENT Program: An initiative to match supply and demand for kidney research in Canada."""" Clinical and Investigative Medicine 33(6): E356-E367."""""	" Background: ! e prevalence of kidney disease is rising in Canada, and new approaches to prevention, diagnosis, and treatment are required. A kidney research training strategy, which enhances capacity while fostering collaboration and knowledge translation, may help to address this health care problem. Purpose: This is manuscript describes the Kidney Research Scientist Core Education and National Training (KRESCENT) Program that was launched in 2004 with a major goal to enhance kidney research capacity in Canada. Features: KRESCENT is an innovative training program, which recruits from a variety of research disciplines, and emphasizes multi-disciplinary research approaches, team-based collaboration and knowledge translation. The program provides salary support for postdoctoral fellows, new investigators and allied health doctoral trainees, and also offers core curriculum and mentorship support. The curriculum involves knowledge acquisition, application and integration and uses workshops and web-based problem modules to enhance research skills. Training in methodological approaches and career development is also included. Initial evaluation of KRESCENT suggests that kidney research capacity in Canada has increased, and trainees have a high success rate in obtaining academic positions (similar to 88%) and peer-review grant support (similar to 50%). Summary: KRESCENT represents a novel collaborative approach to kidney research training in Canada that may serve as a suitable model for training in other countries, or in other medical disciplines."""
0	"Burrows, A. C., et al. (2014). Biodiesel and Integrated STEM: Vertical Alignment of High School Biology/Biochemistry and Chemistry."" Journal of Chemical Education 91(9): 1379-1389."""	269	"Burrows, A. C., et al. (2014). """"Biodiesel and Integrated STEM: Vertical Alignment of High School Biology/Biochemistry and Chemistry."""" Journal of Chemical Education 91(9): 1379-1389."""""	" This article explores the vertical alignment of two high school classes, biology and chemistry, around the core concept of biodiesel fuel production. High school teachers and university faculty members investigated biodiesel as it relates to societal impact through a National Science Foundation Research Experience for Teachers. Using an action research approach, two high school teachers created and implemented biodiesel lessons in both biology (biochemistry algae focus) and chemistry (transesterification focus). This article describes the extent to which this integrated STEM biodiesel lesson, which is vertically aligned in one high school, affected the students' skills and attitudes in relation to STEM subjects. The lesson plans used and the student outcomes based on the biodiesel activities are provided on the basis of a year's implementation. Overall, student skill sets and attitudes improved based on pre-posttest data and classroom indicators, such as student questions. One implication of this work includes a stronger integrated STEM vertical curriculum that could be implemented in any biology and chemistry program, especially in advanced placement (AP) classes such as AP chemistry, to encourage and engage students in discovery, inquiry-based learning, problem-based learning, engineering design, and creating experiments that have a real-world applicability such as those with socio-scientific issues. The notion that science disciplines are an interconnected web of concepts is highlighted."""
0	"Burrows, A., et al. (2012). Riding the Wave: Student Researcher Reflection on the Action Research Process."" Educational Action Research 20(2): 291-312."""	268	"Burrows, A., et al. (2012). """"Riding the Wave: Student Researcher Reflection on the Action Research Process."""" Educational Action Research 20(2): 291-312."""""	" The focus of this article is the exploration of and an explanation of student researchers' affect and activity in an action research project. Using a hermeneutical theoretical framework we argue that the researcher group as a whole constructs a wave process and at the same time each individual researcher in the group creates a wave process that may be similar or different to that of the group. These processes shape each other, through phases of engagement and disengagement in the researcher cycle, and make the research experience richer. The article examines five separate researcher narratives, extracting excerpts, to show how these examples showcase this wave phenomenon. Two themes, activity and affect, are identified in the narrative excerpts provided  sub-categories such as roles on a team and context of research are explored in these themes. The importance of explicit discussion of researcher engagement and disengagement in wave cycles is discussed. (Contains 9 figures and 1 table.)"""
0	"Burton, C. R., et al. (2009). Re-visioning the doctoral research degree in nursing in the United Kingdom."" Nurse Education Today 29(4): 423-431."""	270	"Burton, C. R., et al. (2009). """"Re-visioning the doctoral research degree in nursing in the United Kingdom."""" Nurse Education Today 29(4): 423-431."""""	" In the light of concerns about the wider social and economic value of the PhD training programme, this article discusses the challenges being directed primarily at the traditional doctoral programme of study. While the PhD is primarily concerned with the student making an original contribution to knowledge, the value-added component of the doctoral research degree needs to respond to the needs of a wider market of purchasers, and to meet practice and policy requirements for research leadership. The United Kingdom Research Councils (UK GRAD, 2001 Joint Skills Statement of Skills Training Requirements. Available at http://www.grad.ac.uk/downloads/documents/general/Joint%20Skills%20Statement.pdf (last accessed 1st April 2008) suggest a range of seven skit( domains over and above research design and management that should be offered to students. The seven domains are research skills and techniques, participation in the research environment, research management, personal effectiveness, communication, networking and team working, and career management. This article develops and extends these skit[ domains for the current healthcare context and considers how these should guide the development and evaluation of the value-added components of doctoral research degree programmes in nursing. The challenges that these issues present to academic departments are also discussed. Our conclusion is that PhD research training needs re-visioning and broadening so that the students' experience includes these value-added components. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
0	"Burton, M., et al. (2008). Computer-related assistive technology: Satisfaction and experiences among users with disabilities."" Assistive Technology 20(2): 99-106."""	271	"Burton, M., et al. (2008). """"Computer-related assistive technology: Satisfaction and experiences among users with disabilities."""" Assistive Technology 20(2): 99-106."""""	" Many people with disabilities use assistive technology devices (ATDs) for computer access. The specific focus of this exploratory study was (a) to assess the experiences, opinions, and satisfaction levels of 24 individuals with disabilities using computer-related ATDs  (b) to investigate their awareness of health risk factors related to computer usage  and (c) to examine the psychosocial impact of computer-related ATDs on users. Data were collected via telephone interviews with 24 individuals with physical disabilities who had experience using one or more ATDs. The Quebec User Evaluation with Assistive Technology instrument was used to evaluate users' satisfaction with ATDs in a number of dimensions, including their physical attributes. The Psychosocial Impact of Assistive Devices Scale measured the psychosocial impact (i.e., independence, competence, and adequacy) of an ATD on users. Additional questions were posed to gather information about user's opinions and experiences. Training appeared to be an important component for ATD users, many of whom preferred a setting to try out devices rather than group or individual training. Respondents with visual impairments revealed a higher level of adaptability versus those without visual impairments (p = .001). Additional research is needed to develop specific survey items focused on users of computer related ATDs and the evaluation of the psychosocial impact of ATDs on computer users. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Burton-Jones, A. (2014). What have we learned from the Smart Machine?"" Information and Organization 24(2): 71-105."""	272	"Burton-Jones, A. (2014). """"What have we learned from the Smart Machine?"""" Information and Organization 24(2): 71-105."""""	" Zuboff's (1988) book In the Age of the Smart Machine: The Future of Work and Power is one of the most celebrated texts among Information Systems researchers. Despite its significant influence, I suggest that it may have a richer story to tell than has been told to date. Motivated by this potential, my essay has two aims: to explicate the theory developed in Zuboff's text, and to determine how fully it has been used and extended by Information Systems researchers, through an analysis of papers citing her text. My findings show that the theory developed in Zuboff's text has been used in a fairly limited and piecemeal fashion. I discuss how this presents a significant opportunity for research because the theory appears to be just as relevant now as it was when the text was published. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
0	"Buse, D. C. (2011). Review of Fibromyalgia: A practical clinical guide."" Neurology 76(21): 1850-1850."""	273	"Buse, D. C. (2011). """"Review of Fibromyalgia: A practical clinical guide."""" Neurology 76(21): 1850-1850."""""	" Reviews the book, Fibromyalgia: A Practical Clinical Guide by D. A. Marcus and A. Deodhar (2010). This book consolidates knowledge gained from the authors' years of clinical and research experience in neurology, pain management, and rheumatology. The book contains sections on definition and diagnosis, epidemiology and burden, and pathophysiology of fibromyalgia. It provides information on treatment including consensus based guidelines, a review of empirically supported pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic treatments, and useful references and Web sites. It includes brief sections reviewing the pathophysiology, evaluation and diagnosis, and treatment of several common comorbid medical and psychiatric conditions including headache/migraine, chronic fatigue syndrome, irritable bowel syndrome, sleep disturbance, depression and anxiety, and obesity/metabolic syndrome. This book would also be of interest to medical students and residents, and sophisticated patients and other lay persons who want to learn more about the pathophysiology, epidemiology and burden, comorbidities, treatment, research, and recourses for the management of persons with fibromyalgia. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Bush, R. K. and D. Peden (2008). Advances in environmental and occupational respiratory disease in 2007."" Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology 121(6): 1359-1362."""	274	"Bush, R. K. and D. Peden (2008). """"Advances in environmental and occupational respiratory disease in 2007."""" Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology 121(6): 1359-1362."""""	" This review of key articles appearing in the Journal in 2008 represents significant advances in the understanding of the interrelationships between the environment and allergic respiratory diseases. New allergens have been identified and characterized. Improvements in diagnostic techniques and methods to assess environmental allergen exposure have been developed. The novel therapeutics and refinements of allergen avoidance approaches will improve patient care. A fuller appreciation of the complexities of environmental factors in allergic diseases can lead to better preventative measures. Lastly, the increasingly important role of pollutants on inflammatory processes is evolving. The articles discussed will add to our increasing knowledge base and advance the ability to more effectively treat patients with allergic respiratory diseases and expand research opportunities."""
1	"Butcher, J. and R. Maunder (2014). Going URB@N: Exploring the Impact of Undergraduate Students as Pedagogic Researchers."" Innovations in Education and Teaching International 51(2): 142-152."""	275	"Butcher, J. and R. Maunder (2014). """"Going URB@N: Exploring the Impact of Undergraduate Students as Pedagogic Researchers."""" Innovations in Education and Teaching International 51(2): 142-152."""""	" This paper reports on the impact for students of an institutional scheme designed to involve undergraduate students in pedagogic research. Through Undergraduate Research Bursaries at Northampton, students are funded to work as researchers on pedagogic projects in partnership with academic staff. Drawing on data from a larger longitudinal mixed method study, we report findings which demonstrate the positive impact of the scheme for undergraduate learners in terms of new relationships with academic staff  enhanced research skills and career development, thus making a valuable contribution to the enhancement of the student experience. We argue that facilitating undergraduate involvement in pedagogic research enhances both a commitment to, and an engagement with, the scholarship of teaching and learning across an institution, and thus contributes to a growing community of pedagogic practice centred on the student voice."""
0.5	"Butler, M. J. and P. Reddy (2010). Developing Critical Understanding in HRM Students: Using Innovative Teaching Methods to Encourage Deep Approaches to Study."" Journal of European Industrial Training 34(8): 18."""	276	"Butler, M. J. and P. Reddy (2010). """"Developing Critical Understanding in HRM Students: Using Innovative Teaching Methods to Encourage Deep Approaches to Study."""" Journal of European Industrial Training 34(8): 18."""""	" Purpose: This paper aims to focus on developing critical understanding in human resource management (HRM) students in Aston Business School, UK. The paper reveals that innovative teaching methods encourage deep approaches to study, an indicator of students reaching their own understanding of material and ideas. This improves student employability and satisfies employer need. Design/methodology/approach: Student response to two second year business modules, matched for high student approval rating, was collected through focus group discussion. One module was taught using EBL and the story method, whilst the other used traditional teaching methods. Transcripts were analysed and compared using the structure of the ASSIST measure. Findings: Critical understanding and transformative learning can be developed through the innovative teaching methods of enquiry-based learning (EBL) and the story method. Research limitations/implications: The limitation is that this is a single case study comparing and contrasting two business modules. The implication is that the study should be replicated and developed in different learning settings, so that there are multiple data sets to confirm the research finding. Practical implications: Future curriculum development, especially in terms of HE, still needs to encourage students and lecturers to understand more about the nature of knowledge and how to learn. The application of EBL and the story method is described in a module case study--""Strategy for Future Leaders"""". Originality/value: This is a systematic and comparative study to improve understanding of how students and lecturers learn and of the context in which the learning takes place. (Contains 2 tables.)"""""
1	"Butler, P. J., et al. (2008). Bioengineering and Bioinformatics Summer Institutes: Meeting Modern Challenges in Undergraduate Summer Research."" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 7(1): 45-53."""	277	"Butler, P. J., et al. (2008). """"Bioengineering and Bioinformatics Summer Institutes: Meeting Modern Challenges in Undergraduate Summer Research."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 7(1): 45-53."""""	" Summer undergraduate research programs in science and engineering facilitate research progress for faculty and provide a close-ended research experience for students, which can prepare them for careers in industry, medicine, and academia. However, ensuring these outcomes is a challenge when the students arrive ill-prepared for substantive research or if projects are ill-defined or impractical for a typical 10-wk summer. We describe how the new Bioengineering and Bioinformatics Summer Institutes (BBSI), developed in response to a call for proposals by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and the National Science Foundation (NSF), provide an impetus for the enhancement of traditional undergraduate research experiences with intense didactic training in particular skills and technologies. Such didactic components provide highly focused and qualified students for summer research with the goal of ensuring increased student satisfaction with research and mentor satisfaction with student productivity. As an example, we focus on our experiences with the Penn State Biomaterials and Bionanotechnology Summer Institute (PSU-BBSI), which trains undergraduates in core technologies in surface characterization, computational modeling, cell biology, and fabrication to prepare them for student-centered research projects in the role of materials in guiding cell biology."""
1	"Butler, S. S. (2014). Engaging students in aging research through the Academic Research Enhancement Award program."" Educational Gerontology 40(4): 267-271."""	278	"Butler, S. S. (2014). """"Engaging students in aging research through the Academic Research Enhancement Award program."""" Educational Gerontology 40(4): 267-271."""""	" This article describes the R15, Academic Research Enhancement Award (AREA) mechanism available through the National Institutes of Health (NIH) for institutions that do not typically receive substantial NIH funding. Equipped with training received at the St. Scholastica National Institute on Social Work and Aging, I was able to secure AREA funding for a project examining turnover and retention among home care workers in Maine. Increasing research experience of students was a primary aim on the project, as is required with R15 awards. Student activities on the project and student perspectives on their learning outcomes are described followed by reflections on the benefits and challenges of engaging students in research on aging. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Buxton, C., et al. (2008). Promoting Science among English Language Learners: Professional Development for Today's Culturally and Linguistically Diverse Classrooms."" Journal of Science Teacher Education 19(5): 495-511."""	279	"Buxton, C., et al. (2008). """"Promoting Science among English Language Learners: Professional Development for Today's Culturally and Linguistically Diverse Classrooms."""" Journal of Science Teacher Education 19(5): 495-511."""""	" We describe a model professional development intervention currently being implemented to support 3rd- through 5th-grade teachers' science instruction in 9 urban elementary schools with high numbers of English language learners. The intervention consists of curriculum materials for students and teachers, as well as teacher workshops throughout the school year. The curriculum materials and workshops are designed to complement and reinforce each other in improving teachers' knowledge, beliefs, and practices in science instruction and English language development for ELL students. In addition to these primary goals, secondary goals of the intervention included supporting mathematical understanding, improving scientific reasoning, capitalizing on students' home language and culture, and preparing students for high-stakes science testing and accountability through hands-on, inquiry-based learning experiences."""
0	"Byars-Winston, A. M., et al. (2015). Culturally Diverse Undergraduate Researchers' Academic Outcomes and Perceptions of Their Research Mentoring Relationships."" International Journal of Science Education 37(15): 2533-2554."""	281	"Byars-Winston, A. M., et al. (2015). """"Culturally Diverse Undergraduate Researchers' Academic Outcomes and Perceptions of Their Research Mentoring Relationships."""" International Journal of Science Education 37(15): 2533-2554."""""	" Few studies have empirically investigated the specific factors in mentoring relationships between undergraduate researchers (mentees) and their mentors in the biological and life sciences that account for mentees' positive academic and career outcomes. Using archival evaluation data from more than 400 mentees gathered over a multi-year period (2005-2011) from several undergraduate biology research programs at a large, Midwestern research university, we validated existing evaluation measures of the mentored research experience and the mentor-mentee relationship. We used a subset of data from mentees (77% underrepresented racial/ethnic minorities) to test a hypothesized social cognitive career theory model of associations between mentees' academic outcomes and perceptions of their research mentoring relationships. Results from path analysis indicate that perceived mentor effectiveness indirectly predicted post-baccalaureate outcomes via research self-efficacy beliefs. Findings are discussed with implications for developing new and refining existing tools to measure this impact, programmatic interventions to increase the success of culturally diverse research mentees and future directions for research."""
0	"Byars-Winston, A., et al. (2011). Integrating Theory and Practice to Increase Scientific Workforce Diversity: A Framework for Career Development in Graduate Research Training."" CBE - Life Sciences Education 10(4): 357-367."""	280	"Byars-Winston, A., et al. (2011). """"Integrating Theory and Practice to Increase Scientific Workforce Diversity: A Framework for Career Development in Graduate Research Training."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 10(4): 357-367."""""	" Few, if any, educational interventions intended to increase underrepresented minority (URM) graduate students in biological and behavioral sciences are informed by theory and research on career persistence. Training and Education to Advance Minority Scholars in Science (TEAM-Science) is a program funded by the National Institute of General Medical Sciences at the University of Wisconsin-Madison with the twin goals of increasing the number of URM students entering and completing a PhD in BBS and increasing the number of these students who pursue academic careers. A framework for career development in graduate research training is proposed using social cognitive career theory. Based on this framework, TEAM-Science has five core components: (1) mentor training for the research advisor, (2) eight consensus-derived fundamental competencies required for a successful academic career, (3) career coaching by a senior faculty member, (4) an individualized career development plan that aligns students' activities with the eight fundamental competencies, and (5) a strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats personal career analysis. This paper describes the theoretical framework used to guide development of these components, the research and evaluation plan, and early experience implementing the program. We discuss the potential of this framework to increase desired career outcomes for URM graduate trainees in mentored research programs and, thereby, strengthen the effectiveness of such interventions on participants' career behaviors. (Contains 4 figures.)"""
0	"Byrnes, A. B., et al. (2007). The Resident Scholar Program: A research training opportunity for internal medicine house staff."" Journal of Cancer Education 22(1): 47-49."""	282	"Byrnes, A. B., et al. (2007). """"The Resident Scholar Program: A research training opportunity for internal medicine house staff."""" Journal of Cancer Education 22(1): 47-49."""""	" Background: Housestaff research training is a challenging task that is complicated by the lack of a structured process and dedicated time. The Resident Scholar Program (RSP) at the University of Cincinnati, Department of Internal Medicine was created to overcome these challenges. Methods: Interested internal medicine house staff are required to submit an application to the residency research director including a project description signed by a faculty mentor. If the project is approved, a 4-month elective rotation is scheduled for the following year. Residents spend the first month on a consult service in the subspecialty area of their research and the remaining 3 months performing their research project. The RSP was launched in July 2003. Results: The percentage of residents participating in research more than tripled. The subspecialty areas represented by RSP research were more diverse than those represented in prior years. Most participants participated in clinical research projects (84%), with 63% of projects being prospective in design. The RSP residents were twice as likely to obtain subspecialty fellowship positions compared to non-RSP residents (89% vs 46%, respectively). Conclusion: The RSP enables house staff to participate in research opportunities in their areas of interest. Development of a more systematic assessment method to study the impact of the program is underway, but the high participation rate reflects resident interest in such a program, particularly for residents with aspirations in pursuing fellowship training. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Cabaniss, D. L., et al. (2015). Evidence‐based psychosocial interventions: Novel challenges for training and implementation."" Depression and Anxiety 32(11): 802-804."""	283	"Cabaniss, D. L., et al. (2015). """"Evidence‐based psychosocial interventions: Novel challenges for training and implementation."""" Depression and Anxiety 32(11): 802-804."""""	" This article presents the IOM report on psychosocial interventions which challenges us to think not only about the way we study and deliver these important treatments, but also the way we teach and implement them. The report’s emphasis on protecting consumers by ensuring that effective psychosocial interventions are delivered in forms that closely approximate the ones for which the evidence exists has major implications for recruitment and training of faculty, didactic and supervisory teaching methods, competency standards held by national accreditation organizations, and research training. Beyond the discussion of the elements approach, the major thrust of the report is the importance of delivering psychosocial interventions that maintain fidelity to the effective form for which evidence exists. Changing this for psychosocial interventions will require increased attention to quality measures, as well as altering training in the following domains. All these changes will only happen if and when mental health providers, departments of psychiatry and psychology, funding agencies, and our national professional organizations recognize, as the authors of the IOM report have, that psychosocial interventions are effective and essential techniques for helping patients with mental and substance abuse disorders. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Cai, S., et al. (2014). A case study of Augmented Reality simulation system application in a chemistry course."" Computers in Human Behavior 37: 31-40."""	284	"Cai, S., et al. (2014). """"A case study of Augmented Reality simulation system application in a chemistry course."""" Computers in Human Behavior 37: 31-40."""""	" [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 39 of Computers in Human Behavior (see record [rid]2014-41039-048[/rid]). In the original article there were some errors. The corrections are present in the erratum.] The comprehension of micro-worlds has always been the focus and the challenge of chemistry learning. Junior high school students’ imaginative abilities are not yet mature. As a result, they are not able to visualize microstructures correctly during the beginning stage of chemistry learning. This study targeted 'the composition of substances' segment of junior high school chemistry classes and, furthermore, involved the design and development of a set of inquiry-based Augmented Reality learning tools. Students could control, combine and interact with a 3D model of micro-particles using markers and conduct a series of inquiry-based experiments. The AR tool was tested in practice at a junior high school in Shenzhen, China. Through data analysis and discussion, we conclude that (a) the AR tool has a significant supplemental learning effect as a computer-assisted learning tool  (b) the AR tool is more effective for low-achieving students than high-achieving ones  (c) students generally have positive attitudes toward this software  and (d) students’ learning attitudes are positively correlated with their evaluation of the software. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Cain, H., et al. (2016). Curriculum design for research-led teaching: Molecule to Malady."" Microbiology Australia 37(2): 65-68."""	285	"Cain, H., et al. (2016). """"Curriculum design for research-led teaching: Molecule to Malady."""" Microbiology Australia 37(2): 65-68."""""	" Modern medicine is increasingly characterised by a personalised approach to treatment through producing therapies that target specific biological processes. When planning the new Bachelor of Biomedicine (BBiomed) degree, one of two completely new undergraduate courses crafted as part of the 'Melbourne Curriculum' introduced by The University of Melbourne in 2008, the paradigm that medical interventions should be evidence-based and driven by a molecular understanding of the cause of disease was a key design parameter. Our intention in developing the curriculum for Biomedicine: Molecule to Malady (M2M), a third-year compulsory capstone subject of this new BBiomed degree, was to enhance the ability of students to apply their core cross-disciplinary knowledge to unfamiliar problems in translational medicine by having expert clinicians/researchers explain the scientific reasoning applied to the development of disease interventions in their specialist areas."""
0	"Cakir, M. (2011). ENHANCING MENDELIAN GENETICS CONCEPTS USING A GUIDED COMPUTER-MEDIATED INQUIRY."" Journal of Baltic Science Education 10(3): 156-167."""	286	"Cakir, M. (2011). """"ENHANCING MENDELIAN GENETICS CONCEPTS USING A GUIDED COMPUTER-MEDIATED INQUIRY."""" Journal of Baltic Science Education 10(3): 156-167."""""	" The purpose of this study was to situate prospective secondary science teachers in an authentic scientific investigation, that of hypothesis testing of inheritance patterns of cats, and then to examine prospective teachers' developing understandings of basic Mendelian genetics, scientific inquiry, and their perceptions of the learning environment. The context of the study was a teaching and learning course focused on inquiry and technology. Data obtained from the twelve participants included: a) pre-post tests of Mendelian genetics concepts  b) videotaped class presentations  c) inquiry project reports  d) audio taped semi-structured interviews  and e) classroom discussions and observations. The findings suggest that engagement in hypothesis testing, within a socio-constructivist framework  can be used to support the integrated acquisition of conceptual knowledge in science. After the module, there was clear evidence that inquiry-based instruction, enriched with computer simulation and collaboration, promoted students' conceptual understanding of Mendelian genetics and understandings of scientific inquiry."""
0	"Calkins, S. and M. R. Kelley (2009). Who Writes the Past? Student Perceptions of Wikipedia Knowledge and Credibility in a World History Classroom."" Journal on Excellence in College Teaching 20(3): 123-143."""	287	"Calkins, S. and M. R. Kelley (2009). """"Who Writes the Past? Student Perceptions of Wikipedia Knowledge and Credibility in a World History Classroom."""" Journal on Excellence in College Teaching 20(3): 123-143."""""	" The authors describe an inquiry-based learning project that required students in a first-year world history course to reflect on and analyze critically the nature of the knowledge found in Wikipedia--the free, open-content, rapidly evolving, internet encyclopedia. Using a rubric, the authors explored students' perceptions of the collaborative and community nature of Wikipedia as well as Wikipedia's accuracy, reputability, ease, and accessibility. Furthermore, they examined students' reflections on issues of plagiarism, responsibility, and whether Wikipedia qualifies as a scholarly source. Student perceptions were closely related to their level of intellectual and ethical development as defined by Perry (1970, 1998). (Contains 2 tables.)"""
0	"Callahan, C. M., et al. (2016). Pilot Course: A Teaching Practicum Course as an Integral Component of an Accounting Doctoral Program."" Issues in Accounting Education 31(2): 191-210."""	288	"Callahan, C. M., et al. (2016). """"Pilot Course: A Teaching Practicum Course as an Integral Component of an Accounting Doctoral Program."""" Issues in Accounting Education 31(2): 191-210."""""	" This article presents one university's approach to supplementing traditional doctoral research training with a two-semester teaching practicum. The practicum is designed to help students develop and hone pedagogical and other teaching skills, while gaining insight into academic career acumen. It consists of two, one-hour courses taken by students during each of the first two semesters of their doctoral program. In the first semester, weekly teaching seminars are accompanied by an apprenticeship activity in which the students attend classes of faculty mentors throughout the term, teaching one of those classes toward the end of the term. In the second semester, the doctoral students are mentored through their first whole-semester teaching experience, sharing issues from that experience and sharpening skills in the weekly seminar discussions. The article provides details of the practicum and implementation guidance intended to encourage other Ph.D. programs to embrace the general approach we describe, adapting the specifics to reflect the resources and aspirations of their programs."""
1	"Calloway-Graham, D., et al. (2016). Technology-Enhanced Practice Courses and Collaborative Learning in Distance Education."" Journal of Technology in Human Services 34(3): 285-299."""	289	"Calloway-Graham, D., et al. (2016). """"Technology-Enhanced Practice Courses and Collaborative Learning in Distance Education."""" Journal of Technology in Human Services 34(3): 285-299."""""	" This article describes the use of a research-based teaching model using digital technology to enhance self-efficacy and group work practice skills in an undergraduate social work course. Our project focused on the development of group leadership interactional skill training for undergraduate social work students. We present pedagogical and theoretical approaches explaining a teaching model, which is designed to utilize digital technology and collaborative learning strategies in Interactive Video Connected (IVC) and traditional face-to-face classrooms. We explore how the teaching model impacts student perception of self-efficacy regarding group work practice skills."""
0	"Calma, A. (2009). The Context of Research Training in the Philippines: Some Key Areas and Their Implications."" Asia-Pacific Education Researcher 18(2): 167-184."""	290	"Calma, A. (2009). """"The Context of Research Training in the Philippines: Some Key Areas and Their Implications."""" Asia-Pacific Education Researcher 18(2): 167-184."""""	" Universities in the Philippines are moving towards enhancing research while the government is seeking to work with them in promoting research nationally. However, there is a concern on the current capacities of universities to train and develop academic staff and students in research. Thus, there is a fundamental need to sketch the landscape within which research training is situated in the Philippines. This paper broadly focuses on critically reviewing the context of research training in Graduate Schools in the Philippines and identifying key areas in research training participated in by graduate students and academic staff. This study involved the participation of executives from the government and selected higher education institutions. Results have permitted the establishment of a sequence for graduate research degrees which illustrate the different stages in the candidature of Masters (thesis), PhD, and doctorate students. The study has revealed the view among participants that more attention needs to be paid to the academic staff's own research training in order for them to effectively carry out their academic and leadership roles."""
0	"Calvo, F. A., et al. (2013). Research opportunities in intraoperative radiation therapy: the next decade 2013-2023."" Clinical & Translational Oncology 15(9): 683-690."""	291	"Calvo, F. A., et al. (2013). """"Research opportunities in intraoperative radiation therapy: the next decade 2013-2023."""" Clinical & Translational Oncology 15(9): 683-690."""""	" The reality of intraoperative radiation therapy (IORT) practice is consistent with an efficient and highly precise radiation therapy technique to safely boost areas at risk for local recurrence. Long-term clinical experience has shown that IORT-containing multi-modality regimens appear to improve local disease control, if not survival in many diseases. Research with IORT is a multidisciplinary scenario that covers knowledge from radiation beam adapted development to advance molecular biology for bio-predictability of outcome. The technical parameters employed in IORT procedures are important information to be recorded for quality assurance and clinical results analysis. In addition, specific treatment planning systems for IORT procedures are available, to help in the treatment decision-making process. A systematic revision of opportunities for research and innovation in IORT is reported including radiation beam modulation, delivery, dosimetry and planning  infrastructure and treatment factors  experimental and clinical radiobiology  clinical trials, innovation and translational research development."""
0	"Camargo, M. E., et al. (2007). Role-Playing Games for Capacity Building in Water and Land Management: Some Brazilian Experiences."" Simulation & Gaming 38(4): 472-493."""	292	"Camargo, M. E., et al. (2007). """"Role-Playing Games for Capacity Building in Water and Land Management: Some Brazilian Experiences."""" Simulation & Gaming 38(4): 472-493."""""	" Role-playing games in natural resource management are currently being tested as research, training, and intervention tools all over the world. Various studies point out their potential to deal with complex issues and to contribute to training processes. The objective of this contribution is to analyze the limits and potentialities of this tool for capacity building in environmental management of stakeholders with low educational levels by comparing various Brazilian experiences. Five games that were developed and used to train local stakeholders or state technicians about specific aspects of new and difficult to understand legislation are compared. The comparison of these experiences is based on (a) an analysis of the materials (game support) provided by the developers, (b) interviews with authors and game developers, and (c) participation in game sessions whenever possible. (Contains 6 tables and 5 figures.)"""
0	"Cambria, V., et al. (2016). ""With the People:"" Reflections on Collaboration and Participatory Research Perspectives in Brazilian Ethnomusicology."" World of Music-New Series 5(1): 55-80."""	293	"Cambria, V., et al. (2016). """"""""With the People:"""" Reflections on Collaboration and Participatory Research Perspectives in Brazilian Ethnomusicology."""" World of Music-New Series 5(1): 55-80."""""	" A well-known definition of the work carried out in the field of ethnomusicology, proposed by Jeff Todd Titon (1997:91), conceives it as ""the study of people making music."""" While this definition surely cannot be applied to the whole intellectual history of ethnomusicology, it reflects well an important shift in focus that characterizes its most recent phase. Even if we ethnomusicologists are increasingly focusing on people, the ways we relate to them to produce knowledge have changed little. On the one hand, we have produced knowledge """"on"""" or """"about"""" specific people and the music they make (in scholarly and theoretical work) and, on the other hand, we have used our accumulated knowledge """"for"""" them (in applied or advocacy work). The perspective of work the authors of this article will focus on follows a third path: to produce knowledge """"with"""" the people we encounter around the world or next door. Despite the peculiarities of their individual research experiences (in terms of theoretical and practical approaches as well as the different conditions of knowledge production within them), the authors of this article share a common general challenge: to assume dialogue and collaboration as the necessary basis for a more socially and politically engaged work."""""
0	"Camenzuli, J. and M. A. Buhagiar (2014). Using inquiry-based learning to support the mathematical learning of students with SEBD."" The International Journal of Emotional Education 6(2): 69-85."""	294	"Camenzuli, J. and M. A. Buhagiar (2014). """"Using inquiry-based learning to support the mathematical learning of students with SEBD."""" The International Journal of Emotional Education 6(2): 69-85."""""	" This paper, which draws on action research methodology, explores the use of inquiry-based learning (IBL) in the teaching of mathematics to students with social, emotional and behavioural difficulties (SEBD). The year-long study was conducted in a Form 3 secondary class that grouped 13 male students with SEBD in a Maltese secondary school. After first creating an IBL-friendly classroom environment in the initial months, the actual implementation of IBL pedagogy in class began in the second term and spread over a 15 week period. The data included teacher observations that were recorded in a reflective research journal, two sessions of in-depth interviews with students, student journal writing, samples of students’ work and student marks in the school-based half-yearly and annual mathematics examinations. The findings indicate that the use of IBL in the mathematics classroom can benefit students with SEBD in a number of ways. These include infusing a sense of enjoyment during lessons, improved student behaviour and motivation to learn, and facilitating the learning of mathematics which generally translated in higher achievement levels. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Cameron, C., et al. (2013). The development of scientific communication skills: A qualitative study of the perceptions of trainees and their mentors."" Academic Medicine 88(10): 1499-1506."""	295	"Cameron, C., et al. (2013). """"The development of scientific communication skills: A qualitative study of the perceptions of trainees and their mentors."""" Academic Medicine 88(10): 1499-1506."""""	" Purpose: Scientific communication, both written and oral, is the cornerstone of success in biomedical research, yet formal instruction is rarely provided. Trainees with little exposure to standard academic English may find developing scientific communication skills challenging. In this exploratory, hypothesis-generating qualitative study, the authors examined the process by which mentored junior researchers learn scientific communication skills, their feelings about the challenges, and their mentor’s role in the process. Method: In 2010, the authors conducted semistructured focus groups and interviews to explore research trainees’ and faculty mentors’ perceptions and practices regarding scientific communication skills development, as part of the development phase of a larger quantitative study. The facilitator took detailed notes and verified their accuracy with participants during the sessions  a second member of the research team observed and verified the recorded notes. Three coders performed a thematic analysis, and the other authors reviewed it. Results: Forty-three trainees and 50 mentors participated. Trainees and mentors had diverging views on the role of mentoring in fostering communication skills development. Trainees expressed varying levels of self-confidence but considerable angst. Mentors felt that most trainees have low self-confidence. Trainees expressed interest in learning scientific communication skills, but mentors reported that some trainees were insufficiently motivated and seemed resistant to guidance. Both groups agreed that trainees found mentors’ feedback difficult to accept. Conclusions: The degree of distress, dissatisfaction, and lack of mutual understanding between mentors and trainees was striking. These themes have important implications for best practices and resource development. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Cameron, H. E., et al. (2013). New South Wales and Australian Capital Territory Researcher Development Program 2005-07: modest investment, considerable outcomes."" Australian Journal of Primary Health 19(1): 59-67."""	296	"Cameron, H. E., et al. (2013). """"New South Wales and Australian Capital Territory Researcher Development Program 2005-07: modest investment, considerable outcomes."""" Australian Journal of Primary Health 19(1): 59-67."""""	" This evaluation of the Researcher Development Program (RDP) in NSW and ACT aimed to determine whether the RDP was effective in assisting novice researchers to undertake primary health care research. In mid-2008, 47 participants of the NSW and ACT RDP during 2005-07 were invited to participate in a postal survey. The survey included questions regarding previous research training and experience, outcomes during and after participation in the program, and organisational aspects of the program. Follow-up interviews were conducted with selected participants. Interview questions covered time in the program, supervision, organisational support and placement outcomes. Thirty-seven participants responded to the survey and 23 (62%) participants took part in the semi-structured interviews. Seventy-eight per cent of survey respondents felt that the RDP helped them move from novice to a more experienced researcher with effective supervision identified by participants as a key element in determining the success of the program. Many felt that time allocation was inadequate and 20% thought their capacity to maintain their workload was adversely affected by participating. Outcomes were considerable given the modest nature of the program. Notable outcomes were that most participants published their research and presented their research at a conference. Furthermore, one-fifth of survey respondents had enrolled in higher degrees. Several interviewees reported that their research led to changes in practice. Most respondents found the RDP valuable and considered that undertaking the program increased their research knowledge."""
0	"Cameron, R. and J. F. Molina-Azorin (2014). The acceptance of mixed methods in business and management."" International Journal of Organizational Analysis 22(1): 14-29."""	297	"Cameron, R. and J. F. Molina-Azorin (2014). """"The acceptance of mixed methods in business and management."""" International Journal of Organizational Analysis 22(1): 14-29."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this study is to examine the prevalence of mixed methods research across several business and management fields and to gauge the level of acceptance of mixed methods within these fields. Design/methodology/approach: The methodology employed for this study involved synthesizing the findings from six large-scale methodological scans of business and management discipline journals in seven fields: marketing, international business, strategic management, organisational behaviour, operations management, entrepreneurship, and human resource management. Findings: The study finds that quantitative studies dominate all seven fields (76 per cent of empirical articles) followed by mixed methods (14 per cent of empirical articles) and qualitative studies (10 per cent of empirical articles). In applying the framework for acceptance levels, it would seem there exists minimal acceptance of mixed methods in these fields. Research limitations/implications: The study has limitations related to the coverage of different disciplines and differences in sample sets. More extensive research is planned for the future and will involve an expanded mixed method prevalence rate study across additional business and management fields. Practical implications: The growing use of mixed methods has practical implications for research training and capacity building within business schools. The study points to the need to develop research capacity through the introduction of postgraduate courses in mixed methods and advanced research skills training for existing researchers. Originality/value: Mixed methods is a relatively new and emerging methodological movement. This paper attempts to gauge the use and level of acceptance of mixed methods across a diverse range of business and management discipline areas. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	Camison, C. (2012). COMPLEMENTARITY BETWEEN INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL KNOWLEDGE IN INTRADISTRICT NETWORKS.	298	Camison, C. (2012). COMPLEMENTARITY BETWEEN INTERNAL AND EXTERNAL KNOWLEDGE IN INTRADISTRICT NETWORKS.	" No firm can rely entirely on its internal knowledge capacities and sources to create competitive innovation advantages. Firms would be proactively asking for the complementarity between the activities of internal knowledge creation and the assimilation of external knowledge from different sources, forming strategic alliances between them. Specifically, innovation can be regarded as resulting from research opportunities focused on how knowledge creation and diffusion processes would benefit from localized knowledge spillovers between firms colocated within industrial clusters, defined as a network of personnel, or an interorganizational and institutional network. However, the literature has not yet well understood how these processes benefit from both these localized knowledge spillovers and networks within the cluster or whether their effects are consistently positive. This chapter, grounded in the resource-based view, the Scandinavian Approach to the industrial district, and the social capital perspective, and with a multilevel analysis, presents a synthesis of the existing theory on the knowledge creation and transfer processes within industrial districts, and proposes a theoretical framework by studying in depth the relationships between district-level and firm-specific capacities, as well as the effects of the in tracluster networks on both the firm's knowledge-generative and absorptive capacities, and its skill in facing both incremental and radical technological innovation. This understanding of the topic allows the proposition of firm-specific strategies for value creation and value appropriation in intracluster networks and alliances by increasing the company's exploration and knowledge-absorption capacities."""
NaN		299	"Campbell, A. M., et al. (2014). """"pClone: Synthetic Biology Tool Makes Promoter Research Accessible to Beginning Biology Students."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 13(2): 285-296."""""	" The Vision and Change report recommended genuine research experiences for undergraduate biology students. Authentic research improves science education, increases the number of scientifically literate citizens, and encourages students to pursue research. Synthetic biology is well suited for undergraduate research and is a growing area of science. We developed a laboratory module called pClone that empowers students to use advances in molecular cloning methods to discover new promoters for use by synthetic biologists. Our educational goals are consistent with Vision and Change and emphasize core concepts and competencies. pClone is a family of three plasmids that students use to clone a new transcriptional promoter or mutate a canonical promoter and measure promoter activity in Escherichia coli. We also developed the Registry of Functional Promoters, an open-access database of student promoter research results. Using pre- and posttests, we measured significant learning gains among students using pClone in introductory biology and genetics classes. Student posttest scores were significantly better than scores of students who did not use pClone. pClone is an easy and affordable mechanism for large-enrollment labs to meet the high standards of Vision and Change."""
1	"Campisi, J. and K. E. Finn (2011). Does Active Learning Improve Students' Knowledge of and Attitudes toward Research Methods?"" Journal of College Science Teaching 40(4): 38-45."""	300	"Campisi, J. and K. E. Finn (2011). """"Does Active Learning Improve Students' Knowledge of and Attitudes toward Research Methods?"""" Journal of College Science Teaching 40(4): 38-45."""""	" We incorporated an active, collaborative-based research project in our undergraduate Research Methods course for first-year sports medicine majors. Working in small groups, students identified a research question, generated a hypothesis to be tested, designed an experiment, implemented the experiment, analyzed the data, and presented their findings to the college community. We used a survey to assess students' perception of and attitudes about research and research methods before and after the semester. In addition, students reflected on the research experiment through a weekly discussion and dialogue on Blackboard. Students were responsible for a final oral presentation and a poster presentation. Incorporating a participatory, collaborative, and active learning component to this course allowed students to grasp relevant research methodology theories and principles, acquire competency in research methodology techniques, develop interpersonal and professional skills, and improve their attitude regarding science and the research process. The results suggest participation in a research project can be an effective way to enhance first-year student learning and attitudes regarding research methodology. (Contains 2 figures and 5 tables.)"""
1	"Canaria, J. A., et al. (2012). A Model for an Introductory Undergraduate Research Experience."" Journal of Chemical Education 89(11): 1371-1377."""	301	"Canaria, J. A., et al. (2012). """"A Model for an Introductory Undergraduate Research Experience."""" Journal of Chemical Education 89(11): 1371-1377."""""	" An introductory, multidisciplinary lecture-laboratory course linked with a summer research experience has been established to provide undergraduate biology and chemistry majors with the skills needed to be successful in the research laboratory. This three-credit hour course was focused on laboratory skills and was designed to reinforce and develop the students' laboratory techniques and problem-solving skills, as well as to give encouragement to participate in a summer research project. This skills course consisted of a lecture section with team-based laboratory rotations of five-weeks each. Most students in the rotations had the opportunity to work in both biology and chemistry laboratories. The skills course culminated in several students being chosen to continue research in the summer with a research stipend while under the direction of one of the faculty mentors. The summer research projects were all collaborative efforts between chemists and biologists. Data are provided from voluntary entrance and exit student surveys to determine students' overall skill levels and interests before and after completion of the skills course. This course was valuable in encouraging students to become involved in and committed to research, for teaching them laboratory techniques, and for helping them evolve into independent researchers. (Contains 1 table and 3 figures.)"""
0	"Candilis, P. J., et al. (2008). A direct comparison of research decision-making capacity: Schizophrenia/schizoaffective, medically ill, and non-ill subjects."" Schizophrenia Research 99(1-3): 350-358."""	302	"Candilis, P. J., et al. (2008). """"A direct comparison of research decision-making capacity: Schizophrenia/schizoaffective, medically ill, and non-ill subjects."""" Schizophrenia Research 99(1-3): 350-358."""""	" To characterize predictors of impairment in research decision-making capacity, we undertook a direct comparison of schizophrenia/schizoaffective (n = 52), medically ill (diabetic  n = 51), and non-ill (n = 57) subjects. Scores on the MacArthur Competence Assessment Tool for Clinical Research (MacCAT-CR) were correlated with demographic variables and scores on the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS), Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE), and Short-Form-36 (SF-36). Across diagnoses, cognitive capacity, physical functioning, and a diagnosis of mental illness had the greatest impact on decision-making capacity, with level of education also having an impact. 69-89% of schizophrenia/schizoaffective subjects attained MacCAT-CR subscale scores achieved by almost all comparison (98-100%) and medically ill (94-100%) subjects. Positive, negative, and general psychotic symptoms correlated with poorer scores. Prior research experience, number of queries used during interview, and emotional functioning also predicted MacCAT-CR scores. These data suggest that investigators and IRBs should consider a number of variables, many of which reach across diagnoses, as they decide which populations and individual subjects may require more intensive screening for decisional impairment or educational interventions to improve their abilities to make capable decisions about research participation. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Caniëls, M. C. J. and A. Roeleveld (2009). Power and dependence perspectives on outsourcing decisions."" European Management Journal 27(6): 402-417."""	303	"Caniëls, M. C. J. and A. Roeleveld (2009). """"Power and dependence perspectives on outsourcing decisions."""" European Management Journal 27(6): 402-417."""""	" Since the 1980s outsourcing has been a major topic in both economic and management literature. Economic literature tends to focus on the transaction cost perspective. In management literature the core competence approach prevails. An emerging alternative view on outsourcing is the power and dependence perspective. Aspects of power and dependence become visible in four case studies involving the maintenance of capital assets. In each instance both the buyer and supplier sides of the dyad are examined. The paper concludes with managerial implications and research opportunities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Cant, R. (2008). What outcome measures do Australian dietitians use to evaluate nutrition education interventions with individual patients?"" Nutrition & Dietetics 65(4): 284-291."""	304	"Cant, R. (2008). """"What outcome measures do Australian dietitians use to evaluate nutrition education interventions with individual patients?"""" Nutrition & Dietetics 65(4): 284-291."""""	" To examine outcome measures used by Australian dietitians in evaluating their nutrition education of individual patients. A sequential qualitative-quantitative design was used. First, a purposive sample of 46 clinical dietitians working in Victorian hospitals, community or private practice attended an audio-recorded focus group or in-depth interview. Transcribed narratives were open-coded to identify themes and results used to develop a questionnaire to survey Australian dietitians nationally to ask about patient education strategies and evaluation methods. In 2006, 258 dietitians (16%) responded to a Web-based questionnaire. Criterion for extraction of results was >= 70% agreement on response items when measured on a 5-point scale. Descriptive statistics were used and between-group analyses were conducted using chi(2) and Spearman's rank order correlation (if P < 0.05). Nine outcome measures were confirmed as valid in the categories of direct nutrition outcomes, clinical and health status outcomes and patient value-based care outcomes. There was no significant difference in practice by work category, or time since qualification. Evaluation was most commonly performed prospectively at completion of a consultation, or as part of review consultations. The most common barrier to outcomes research was a lack of time. However, a lack of research skill or health team collaboration may also be a barrier as dietitians did not routinely research or report on outcomes for groups of patients, with potential to identify possible practice improvements. Research training may be needed. Further investigation is recommended to develop best practice policies for dietetics outcomes research."""
0	"Cantú, F. J., et al. (2009). A knowledge-based development model: The research chair strategy."" Journal of Knowledge Management 13(1): 154-170."""	306	"Cantú, F. J., et al. (2009). """"A knowledge-based development model: The research chair strategy."""" Journal of Knowledge Management 13(1): 154-170."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to introduce a model for the knowledge-based development (KBD) of a region using a research chair strategy at Tecnológico de Monterrey, to describe its impact and to propose its use in organizations that generate scientific and technological knowledge, especially research groups, in a university environment. Design/methodology/approach: The approach employed in this research evolves around a strategy for setting up research chairs (research groups headed by a lead investigator) which is a type of action research methodology whose steps are: planning a research program which is clear, focused and with an impact on regional development, implementing it, observing the corresponding processes and results, and reflecting on them. The components of the KBD model include human and intellectual capital (research professors and research students), research products (journal articles, conference papers, books and patents), research funding, entrepreneurial spin-offs emerging from the research capacities, and research-based learning and education. Measures of performance for each of these components are explained and quantified for the KBD at Tecnológico de Monterrey. Management and technological issues are analyzed in deploying and implementing the research chair strategy, especially the method proposed for evaluating research chairs. An overall assessment of the approach is given based on the results of five years of operation. The internal and external impact of the model and its computer implementation are also analyzed and assessed. Findings: This paper concludes that research outcomes at universities, research centers and institutes may be organized around a knowledge-based model and a knowledge-information computer system that supports the model. These serve the organization by disseminating knowledge assets, by solving economic and social needs in different regions, and by creating value for researchers and for the organization. Originality/value: The paper describes a knowledge-based model that proved useful for a university case. It can be adapted by organizations that generate knowledge and need to leverage it, not only for their own benefit but also as an engine of economic development for target regions. The model is supported by a knowledge-information computer system and has been running for five years. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Cantor, A., et al. (2015). Training Interdisciplinary ""Wicked Problem"" Solvers: Applying Lessons from HERO in Community-Based Research Experiences for Undergraduates."" Journal of Geography in Higher Education 39(3): 407-419."""	305	"Cantor, A., et al. (2015). """"Training Interdisciplinary """"Wicked Problem"""" Solvers: Applying Lessons from HERO in Community-Based Research Experiences for Undergraduates."""" Journal of Geography in Higher Education 39(3): 407-419."""""	" Management of ""wicked problems"""", messy real-world problems that defy resolution, requires thinkers who can transcend disciplinary boundaries, work collaboratively, and handle complexity and obstacles. This paper explores how educators can train undergraduates in these skills through applied community-based research, using the example of an interdisciplinary research program at Clark University in Worcester, Massachusetts, USA. Participating students strengthened their abilities to handle setbacks in the research process, improved communication and teamwork skills, and gained familiarity with interdisciplinary investigation. Programmatic elements that could transfer well to other settings include studying local human-environment problems, working in multigenerational, small groups, and using multiple methodologies."""""
0.5	"Capaldi, M. (2014). Non-Traditional Methods of Teaching Abstract Algebra."" PRIMUS 24(1): 12-24."""	307	"Capaldi, M. (2014). """"Non-Traditional Methods of Teaching Abstract Algebra."""" PRIMUS 24(1): 12-24."""""	" This article reports on techniques of teaching abstract algebra which were developed to achieve multiple student objectives: reasoning and communication skills, deep content knowledge, student engagement, independence, and pride. The approach developed included a complementary combination of inquiry-based learning, individual (not group) homework problems, oral exams, and student portfolios. Students in this class performed better on the final exam and showed a greater understanding of concepts and proving techniques than students in previous semesters."""
0	"Capaldi, M. (2015). Including Inquiry-Based Learning in a Flipped Class."" PRIMUS 25(8): 736-744."""	308	"Capaldi, M. (2015). """"Including Inquiry-Based Learning in a Flipped Class."""" PRIMUS 25(8): 736-744."""""	" Flipped classrooms and inquiry-based learning (IBL) have each become popular in their own right, leading to a natural question: Why not combine these two great ideas? Although flipping a class usually involves students reading or watching videos before class, and IBL focuses on allowing and encouraging students to develop material on their own, both styles emphasize active learning and critical thinking through activities such as group work and presentations while minimizing lectures. In this article, I discuss ways that the two teaching styles can complement each other and be implemented concurrently, with some examples from my flipped calculus II course. Throughout this discussion the focus remains on ways to keep students engaged and how to instill deep content knowledge."""
0	"Capobianco, B. M. and M. Ní Ríordáin (2015). Navigating Layers of Teacher Uncertainty among Preservice Science and Mathematics Teachers Engaged in Action Research."" Educational Action Research 23(4): 581-598."""	309	"Capobianco, B. M. and M. Ní Ríordáin (2015). """"Navigating Layers of Teacher Uncertainty among Preservice Science and Mathematics Teachers Engaged in Action Research."""" Educational Action Research 23(4): 581-598."""""	" Action research provides valuable opportunities for preservice teachers to improve their practice, their understanding of their practice, and the situation in which their practice takes place. Moreover, action research empowers preservice teachers to critically examine an experience that demonstrates their potential to be influential researchers within their educational situations. In this study we utilize the construct of teacher uncertainty to characterize different dilemmas that preservice science and mathematics teachers encounter as they embark upon their first action research experience. Our study is guided by the following questions: what types of uncertainty do preservice teachers encounter  and in what ways can teacher action research facilitate how preservice teachers confront and embrace their uncertainties with becoming teachers as well as teacher researchers? This study represents a collaboration between a science teacher educator from the United States and a mathematics teacher educator from Ireland. We merge our research methodologies including data from qualitative sources (i.e. semi-structured interviews, reflections, and final action research papers) to isolate trends among the teachers' uncertainties. Results indicated that preservice teachers harbour a range of uncertainties not only with learning how to teach science and mathematics but also with learning to engage in action research. A case can be made that doubts about one's efficacy as a science or mathematics teacher are sometimes difficult  however, through action research, this sense of uncertainty can be recognized, accepted, and addressed in a positive and productive manner."""
0	"Capps, D. K. and B. A. Crawford (2013). Inquiry-Based Professional Development: What does it take to support teachers in learning about inquiry and nature of science?"" International Journal of Science Education 35(12): 1947-1978."""	310	"Capps, D. K. and B. A. Crawford (2013). """"Inquiry-Based Professional Development: What does it take to support teachers in learning about inquiry and nature of science?"""" International Journal of Science Education 35(12): 1947-1978."""""	" This study examined the geologic and evolutionary subject matter and views of inquiry and nature of science (NOS) of a group of 5th-9th grade teachers, and a comparison group, before and after participating in an inquiry-based professional development (PD) experience. Project teachers participated in an intensive, week-long, resident institute where they learned about geology, evolutionary concepts, NOS, and inquiry while engaging in an authentic scientific investigation. They were also given support in how to teach these topics using an inquiry-based approach. Analyses of data indicate that project teachers showed greater gains in subject matter than comparison teachers and the relative change was significantly different statistically. Furthermore, most project teachers demonstrated a shift from less informed to more informed views of inquiry and NOS and the relative change between participant and comparison teachers was significantly different statistically. These gains are promising because they suggest that short-term and intensive PD can support teachers in enhancing their knowledge and views. Moreover, analysis of post-programme questionnaires and interviews indicated that supporting teachers in reflecting on the relationship between their former classroom teaching practice, and new knowledge acquired during PD, may be an important link in enhancing teacher knowledge and supporting change in practice. This suggests that enhanced knowledge and views may not be the only factor contributing to changing one's practice. The study points to the importance of reflection in promoting teacher change. Results from this study add insights to supporting teachers in enacting inquiry-based instruction and teaching about NOS in their classrooms."""
0	Capps, D. K., et al. (2012). A Review of Empirical Literature on Inquiry Professional Development: Alignment with Best Practices and a Critique of the Findings, Springer. 233 Spring Street, New York, NY 10013. 23: 291-318.	311	Capps, D. K., et al. (2012). A Review of Empirical Literature on Inquiry Professional Development: Alignment with Best Practices and a Critique of the Findings, Springer. 233 Spring Street, New York, NY 10013. 23: 291-318.	" This review brings together the literature on inquiry-based teaching and learning and science teacher professional development (PD). We present a targeted critical review of research focused specifically on the nature of PD programs purported to emphasize inquiry. Our review analyzes the features of each program and critiques the reported outcomes of each study. Findings from this review suggest a general alignment with recommended features of effective PD as outlined in the literature with a few notable exceptions, including: supporting teachers in developing inquiry-based lesson plans, providing authentic inquiry experiences, and focusing on science content for teachers. More importantly, our review reveals that no reported study has connected participation in inquiry-based PD with all the desired outcomes of teacher PD: enhanced teacher knowledge, change in beliefs and practice, and enhanced student achievement. Implications for future research on inquiry-based PD programs are discussed."""
0	"Capps, D. K., et al. (2016). Over reported and misunderstood? A study of teachers' reported enactment and knowledge of inquiry-based science teaching."" International Journal of Science Education 38(6): 934-959."""	312	"Capps, D. K., et al. (2016). """"Over reported and misunderstood? A study of teachers' reported enactment and knowledge of inquiry-based science teaching."""" International Journal of Science Education 38(6): 934-959."""""	" Science education reforms worldwide call on teachers to engage students in investigative approaches to instruction, like inquiry. Studies of teacher self-reported enactment indicate that inquiry is used frequently in the classroom, suggesting a high level of proficiency with inquiry that would be amenable to inquiry reform. However, it is unclear whether the high frequency of self-report is based on sound knowledge inquiry. In the absence of sound knowledge, high rates of self-reported enactment would be suspect. We conducted a study to measure teachers' knowledge of inquiry as it related to the known, high frequency of reported enactment. We developed a multidimensional survey instrument using US reform documents and administered it to 149 K-12 teachers at a national science teachers' conference. The majority of the teachers surveyed did not report inquiry enactment based on well-structured knowledge of inquiry. Interviews with participants showed how teachers could readily map non-inquiry activities onto inquiry statements taken directly from reform documents. From these results we argue that teachers often believed they were enacting inquiry, when likely they were not. We further reason that teachers may struggle to interpret and enact inquiry-related requirements of science education reform and will need support distinguishing inquiry from non-inquiry practices."""
0	"Cardellino, R. A. and J. Boyazoglu (2009). Research opportunities in the field of animal genetic resources."" Livestock Science 120(3): 166-173."""	313	"Cardellino, R. A. and J. Boyazoglu (2009). """"Research opportunities in the field of animal genetic resources."""" Livestock Science 120(3): 166-173."""""	" Animal genetic resources are those animal species that are used, or may be used, for the production of food and agriculture, and the populations within each of them. The working unit of a database for farm animal genetic resources is the breed, a term taken in its widest possible sense to mean a population within the species, possessing a number of particular traits that pen-nit the grouping of these animals under a common label and are associated to geographical areas and human groups. Research opportunities cover a wide range of thematic areas. The biggest gap in knowledge is animal breeding for local populations in harsh environments. There is also a lack of research in functional genetics and genomics of adaptation and disease resistance traits. By comparison, breed characterization, in particular molecular characterization, has been a more popular research subject. The same can be said for conservation, although some fundamental questions on genetic diversity and risk of its loss are still unanswered. Research is required to understand the socio-economic, infrastructural, technical and formal constraints that limit the operation of sustainable conservation programs in less developed countries. Information systems on animal genetic resources need input from research and data capture networks, in order to achieve a reasonable degree of completeness. Economic analysis and issues related to gene flow and access and benefit sharing should also profit from more research. (C) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
0	"Cargill, M. and R. Smernik (2016). Embedding Publication Skills in Science Research Training: A Writing Group Programme Based on Applied Linguistics Frameworks and Facilitated by a Scientist."" Higher Education Research and Development 35(2): 229-241."""	314	"Cargill, M. and R. Smernik (2016). """"Embedding Publication Skills in Science Research Training: A Writing Group Programme Based on Applied Linguistics Frameworks and Facilitated by a Scientist."""" Higher Education Research and Development 35(2): 229-241."""""	" Few systematic efforts have been reported to develop higher degree by research student skills for writing publishable articles in science and technology fields. There is a need to address this lack in the light of the current importance of publication to science research students and the high supervisor workload entailed in repeated draft correction, especially when students use English as an additional language. An interdisciplinary teaching approach to address this need has recently been developed featuring analysis frameworks from applied linguistics (AL) research, with successful outcomes in short, stand-alone workshops facilitated by an applied linguist teaching alone or in teams with scientists. Its use by a scientist alone has not previously been investigated, although scientists are well placed to address this development need. We investigate the suitability and effectiveness of this approach for use by a scientist to embed training, in the context of the first two years of operation of a school-level writing group programme, and identify features of the approach that align with participants' perceptions of benefit. Student response to the programme has been strongly positive, with increased confidence to write for publication and complete their degrees, and high activity towards publishing papers on their degree research. The presenter reports maintenance of his own publication output in spite of the time spent on this training, as a result of increased writing efficiency. Features of the approach that map to perceived benefit include its basis in AL frameworks for analysis of student-provided example papers  incorporation of relevant aspects of English usage and grammar in the frameworks  and inclusion of response to reviewer comments as an integral part of article writing."""
0	"Carlson, M. L., et al. (2010). Under the Microscope: Assessing Surgical Aptitude of Otolaryngology Residency Applicants."" Laryngoscope 120(6): 1109-1113."""	315	"Carlson, M. L., et al. (2010). """"Under the Microscope: Assessing Surgical Aptitude of Otolaryngology Residency Applicants."""" Laryngoscope 120(6): 1109-1113."""""	" Objectives/Hypothesis: Application to otolaryngology residency is a highly competitive process. Programs identify the best candidates by evaluating academic performance in medical school, board scores, research experience, performance during an interview, and letters of recommendation. Unfortunately, none of these metrics completely assess an applicant's capacity to learn and perform surgical skills. We describe a direct assessment of an applicant's ability for rapid surgical skill acquisition, manual dexterity, and response to stress that can be performed during the interview process. Study Design: A retrospective study at an academic otolaryngology residency program. Methods: After orientation, applicants were seated at a microsurgical training station and allotted 20 minutes to suture an incision using 10-0 nylon suture on a latex practice card. Their performance was graded using a 1-to-5 scoring system for the following categories: microscope use, respect for tissue, instrument handling, knot tying and suture control, skills acquisition, and attitude toward the exercise. Applicants were given some instruction and assessed on their ability to incorporate what they had learned into their technique. Results: The average total applicant score was 23.2, standard deviation (SD) 3.6 (maximum 30)  13.4% of applicants scored <1 SD below the mean, 66.1% scored within 1 SD of the mean, and 20.5% scored >1 SD above the mean. Conclusions: The value of applicant screening tests in predicting surgical competency is controversial. We describe a direct assessment tool that may prove useful in identifying outliers, both high and low, to aid in final applicant ranking."""
0	"Carmichael, P. (2011). Research Capacity Building in Education: The Role of Digital Archives."" British Journal of Educational Studies 59(3): 323-339."""	316	"Carmichael, P. (2011). """"Research Capacity Building in Education: The Role of Digital Archives."""" British Journal of Educational Studies 59(3): 323-339."""""	" Accounts of how research capacity in education can be developed often make reference to electronic networks and online resources. This paper presents a theoretically driven analysis of the role of one such resource, an online archive of educational research studies that includes not only digitised collections of original documents but also videos of contextual interviews with the original researchers, linked and presented using emerging ""semantic web"""" technologies. An exploration with a group of early career researchers in education of how the archive might be used to support their own research activities is reported: this suggests that thinking about such online resources as elements of heterogeneous """"assemblages"""" may be useful in their design and in understanding their role in research training and research networks more generally. (Contains 3 figures.)"""""
0	"Carpenter, B. D., et al. (2016). Training for research and teaching in geropsychology: Preparing the next generation of scholars and educators."" Gerontology & Geriatrics Education 37(1): 43-61."""	317	"Carpenter, B. D., et al. (2016). """"Training for research and teaching in geropsychology: Preparing the next generation of scholars and educators."""" Gerontology & Geriatrics Education 37(1): 43-61."""""	" For geropsychology to flourish in the years ahead, we need scientists to advance knowledge and teachers to draw new professionals into the field. In this project the authors surveyed 100 geropsychologists who completed a doctoral degree in clinical or counseling psychology about their experience with training for research and teaching. The majority were currently conducting some degree of research (38%) and some form of teaching (45%). The majority of ratings for components of research training were in the 'very good to excellent' range, whereas elements of teacher training were rated in the 'poor to good' range, though there was variability among persons and components. Qualitative comments revealed enthusiasm for research and teaching roles and a need to enhance our training of geropsychologists as educators. The authors provide several suggestions that could enhance research and teacher training for current and future students of professional geropsychology. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Carpi, A., et al. (2016). Cultivating minority scientists: Undergraduate research increases self‐efficacy and career ambitions for underrepresented students in stem."" Journal of Research in Science Teaching."""	318	"Carpi, A., et al. (2016). """"Cultivating minority scientists: Undergraduate research increases self‐efficacy and career ambitions for underrepresented students in stem."""" Journal of Research in Science Teaching."""""	" In this study, Social Cognitive Career Theory (SCCT) is used to explore changes in the career intentions of students in an undergraduate research experience (URE) program at a large public minority‐serving college. Our URE model addresses the challenges of establishing an undergraduate research program within an urban, commuter, underfunded, Minority‐Serving Institution (MSI). However, our model reaches beyond a focus on retention and remediation toward scholarly contributions and shifted career aspirations. From a student's first days at the College to beyond their graduation, we have encouraged them to explore their own potential as scientists in a coordinated, sequential, and self‐reflective process. As a result, while the program's graduates have traditionally pursued entry‐level STEM jobs, graduates participating in mentored research are increasingly focused on professional and academic STEM career tracks involving post‐graduate study. In addition to providing an increasingly expected experience and building students’ skills, participation in undergraduate research is seen to have a transformative effect on career ambitions for many students at MSIs. While undergraduate research is often thought of in context of majority‐serving institutions, we propose that it serves as a powerful equalizer at MSIs. Building on the institutional characteristics that drive diversity, our students produce scholarly work and pursue graduate degrees, in order to address the long‐standing under‐representation of minorities in the sciences. © 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Res Sci Teach 9999:XX–XX, 2016 (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Carson, S. (2007). A New Paradigm for Mentored Undergraduate Research in Molecular Microbiology."" CBE - Life Sciences Education 6(4): 343-349."""	319	"Carson, S. (2007). """"A New Paradigm for Mentored Undergraduate Research in Molecular Microbiology."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 6(4): 343-349."""""	" Science educators agree that an undergraduate research experience is critical for students who are considering graduate school or research careers. The process of researching a topic in the primary literature, designing experiments, implementing those experiments, and analyzing the results is essential in developing the analytical skills necessary to become a true scientist. Because training undergraduates who will only be in the laboratory for a short period is time consuming for faculty mentors, many students are unable to find appropriate research opportunities. We hypothesized that we could effectively mentor several students simultaneously, using a method that is a hybrid of traditional undergraduate research and a traditional laboratory course. This article describes a paradigm for mentored undergraduate research in molecular microbiology where students have ownership of their individual projects, but the projects are done in parallel, enabling the faculty mentor to guide multiple students efficiently. (Contains 1 figure.)"""
0	"Carter, C. (2016). A way to meet queer women? Reflections on sexuality and desire in research."" Sexualities 19(1-2): 119-137."""	320	"Carter, C. (2016). """"A way to meet queer women? Reflections on sexuality and desire in research."""" Sexualities 19(1-2): 119-137."""""	" This article considers the influence of sexuality and desire in qualitative research. Feminist researchers promote critical reflexivity in response to traditional social science methodological approaches, which advocate objectivity and neutrality. While reflexivity has become part and parcel of feminist research, an aspect of the subjective experience of doing research requiring more attention is how desire, intimacy and/or sexuality inform the research process. This paper draws on previous studies as well as recent research experiences to argue that desire is a powerful form of communication that can be productive and insightful for our analyses and knowledge production. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Carter, D. F., et al. (2016). Co-Curricular Connections: The Role of Undergraduate Research Experiences in Promoting Engineering Students' Communication, Teamwork, and Leadership Skills."" Research in Higher Education 57(3): 363-393."""	321	"Carter, D. F., et al. (2016). """"Co-Curricular Connections: The Role of Undergraduate Research Experiences in Promoting Engineering Students' Communication, Teamwork, and Leadership Skills."""" Research in Higher Education 57(3): 363-393."""""	" This study examined the impact of undergraduate research (UR) in engineering, focusing on three particular learning outcomes: communication, teamwork, and leadership. The study included 5126 students across 31 colleges of engineering. The authors employed propensity score matching method to address the selection bias for selection into (and differential availability of) UR programs. Engineering students who engage in UR tend to report higher skill levels, but when curriculum and classroom experiences are taken into account, there is no significant effect of UR on teamwork and leadership skills. Not accounting for college experiences such as curricular, classroom, and other co-curricular experiences may overestimate the positive relationship between UR participation and professional skills. After propensity score adjustment, we found that UR provided a significant predictor of communication skills  a finding that provides support for previous research regarding the importance of communication skills as an outcome of UR. The study highlights the importance of taking into account selection bias when assessing the effect of co-curricular programs on student learning. Implications of the study include expanding undergraduate research opportunities when possible and incorporating communication and leadership skill development into required course curriculum."""
0	"Carter, J., et al. (2016). Assessment of Research Interests of First-Year Osteopathic Medical Students."" Journal of the American Osteopathic Association 116(7): 472-478."""	322	"Carter, J., et al. (2016). """"Assessment of Research Interests of First-Year Osteopathic Medical Students."""" Journal of the American Osteopathic Association 116(7): 472-478."""""	" Context: According to a 2014 survey, 59% of students entering allopathic medical school reported previous research experience. However, limited data exist on the amount of research experience that students have before entering osteopathic medical school. A strong understanding of the research skills and level of interest of first-year osteopathic medical students is essential for developing research programs at osteopathic medical schools. Limited data exist on the amount of research experience that students have before starting osteopathic medical school. A strong understanding of the research skills and level of interest of first-year medical students is essential for developing research programs at osteopathic medical schools. Objective: To determine the amount of previous research experience of first-year osteopathic medical students, their level of interest in participating in research during medical school, the factors influencing their interest in research, and their research fields of interest. Methods: First-year osteopathic medical students (class of 2019) at the Western University of Health Sciences, College of Osteopathic Medicine of the Pacific in Pomona, California (WesternU/COMP), and Pacific-Northwest in Lebanon, Oregon (WesternU/COMP-Northwest), campuses were surveyed about their previous research experiences and whether they were interested in participating in research during medical school. Surveys were administered through an anonymous online portal. Responses were evaluated for evidence of interest in conducting research. Results: Of the 346 osteopathic medical students invited to participate in the study, the response rate was 77% (N= 266). A total of 167 from WesternU/COMP and 99 from the WesternU/COMP-Northwest responded. More than 215 students (81%) reported they had participated in research before entering medical school. In addition, 200 students (75%) either expressed a strong interest in participating in research during medical school or were currently conducting research. Among research areas, clinical research was the overwhelming favorite, with 218 students (82%) expressing interest. Conclusion: First-year osteopathic students may have comparable amounts of research experience as allopathic medical students. Although these findings are limited to 2 campuses of 1 osteopathic medical school, they suggest that first-year osteopathic medical students are highly motivated to participate in research while in medical school."""
0	"Carter, S. M., et al. (2008). You have to make something of all that rubbish, do you? An empirical investigation of the social process of qualitative research."" Qualitative Health Research 18(9): 1264-1276."""	323	"Carter, S. M., et al. (2008). """"You have to make something of all that rubbish, do you? An empirical investigation of the social process of qualitative research."""" Qualitative Health Research 18(9): 1264-1276."""""	" In this article, we examine participants’ talk about qualitative research. We provide empirical support for poststructural theorizations of the interview and propose three distinct but related dimensions of qualitative research: emotional, purposive/relational, and epistemic/ontological. In this study, participants often became upset but constructed participation as enjoyable and cathartic. The purpose of participation was to assist the communities to which one belonged. Participation was an active, reflexive practice that reconstructed the self and changed knowledge about one’s self. This latter epistemic/ontological dimension of participation appeared to be the most compelling for participants, but it is also the hardest to observe, with implications for how we consider the costs and benefits of participation. We suggest two practical measures for researchers and institutional review boards to consider in light of our findings: routinely asking questions about the research experience in qualitative studies and reformulating patient information statements to particularize them to qualitative research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Carter, T. (2008). Stepping outside My Technology Classroom Box (My Summer RET Experience)."" Technology Teacher 68(3): 25-27."""	324	"Carter, T. (2008). """"Stepping outside My Technology Classroom Box (My Summer RET Experience)."""" Technology Teacher 68(3): 25-27."""""	" In this article, the author shares his summer RET (Research Experience for Teachers) experience. The author describes how his anxiety turned to excitement and anticipation upon entering the college campus in search of new knowledge. He discovered that working side by side with experts in a research facility was so much fun."""
0	"Carter, T. (2010). Dancing Around My Technology Classroom Box (My Second RET Lab)."" Technology Teacher 69(8): 26-28."""	325	"Carter, T. (2010). """"Dancing Around My Technology Classroom Box (My Second RET Lab)."""" Technology Teacher 69(8): 26-28."""""	" The laboratory the author had been assigned for his RET (Research Experience for Teachers) at Vanderbilt University is new and different from the one he had previously experienced. This summer he was assigned to the Microfluidics and Lab-on-a-chip laboratory to help research dielectrophoresis. As this is an emerging technology, there was not a lot of information to research. In this article, the author describes how he used creativity to bring the knowledge gained from his second RET home to his classroom. (Contains 3 figures.)"""
1	"Cartrette, D. P. and B. M. Melroe-Lehrman (2012). Describing Changes in Undergraduate Students' Preconceptions of Research Activities."" Research in Science Education 42(6): 1073-1100."""	326	"Cartrette, D. P. and B. M. Melroe-Lehrman (2012). """"Describing Changes in Undergraduate Students' Preconceptions of Research Activities."""" Research in Science Education 42(6): 1073-1100."""""	" Research has shown that students bring naive scientific conceptions to learning situations which are often incongruous with accepted scientific explanations. These preconceptions are frequently determined to be misconceptions  consequentially instructors spend time to remedy these beliefs and bring students' understanding of scientific concepts to acceptable levels. It is reasonable to assume that students also maintain preconceptions about the processes of authentic scientific research and its associated activities. This study describes the most commonly held preconceptions of authentic research activities among students with little or no previous research experience. Seventeen undergraduate science majors who participated in a ten week research program discussed, at various times during the program, their preconceptions of research and how these ideas changed as a result of direct participation in authentic research activities. The preconceptions included the belief that authentic research is a solitary activity which most closely resembles the type of activity associated with laboratory courses in the undergraduate curriculum. Participants' views showed slight maturation over the research program  they came to understand that authentic research is a detail-oriented activity which is rarely successfully completed alone. These findings and their implications for the teaching and research communities are discussed in the article."""
0	"Carvas, M., et al. (2010). An innovative method of global clinical research training using collaborative learning with Web 2.0 tools."" Medical Teacher 32(3): 270-270."""	327	"Carvas, M., et al. (2010). """"An innovative method of global clinical research training using collaborative learning with Web 2.0 tools."""" Medical Teacher 32(3): 270-270."""""	" We developed a novel global training program based on the collaborative learning method using the interactive tools of Web 2.0. The use of this method has several advantages, such as (i) it allows greater participation especially for large size classes  (ii) it provides the opportunity for active participation that may increase academic motivation and skills  (iii) it is an easy method to provide instantaneous feedback and evaluation  (iv) the material that is generated by students can be used as examples in class  and (v) it allows an ongoing dialogue between teacher and student through comments. The development of Web 2.0 with tools such as the forum and blog offers opportunities for increased participation and learning. Forum of discussion and blogs are helpful to overcome some challenges for an international training program such as language barriers and physicians’ schedules. Although web-based interaction seems beneficial, some conditions should exist for a meaningful interaction such as social networking. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Casey, C. M., et al. (2012). Promoting comfort and confidence with conducting research through a pluralistic ignorance project."" Teaching of Psychology 39(4): 293-296."""	328	"Casey, C. M., et al. (2012). """"Promoting comfort and confidence with conducting research through a pluralistic ignorance project."""" Teaching of Psychology 39(4): 293-296."""""	" This article documents a pluralistic ignorance project, which serves as an appropriate mid-level research experience for psychology students, and aims to foster students’ comfort and confidence with the research process. For the project, small groups of students utilized an established research paradigm to explore varied topics. After being assessed in a pilot study, the project was evaluated by a group of students enrolled in a social psychology course at various points throughout the assignment. Students reported broad enjoyment of the assignment and supported its future use. They also reported greater comfort and confidence with aspects of the research process (e.g., forming hypotheses, providing feedback to classmates). Data suggested the project has the potential to foster positive attitudes toward the research process, with potential long-term effects. Suggestions for customizing the pluralistic ignorance project are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Casotti, G., et al. (2008). Successful Implementation of Inquiry-Based Physiology Laboratories in Undergraduate Major and Nonmajor Courses."" Advances in Physiology Education 32(4): 286-296."""	329	"Casotti, G., et al. (2008). """"Successful Implementation of Inquiry-Based Physiology Laboratories in Undergraduate Major and Nonmajor Courses."""" Advances in Physiology Education 32(4): 286-296."""""	" Recent evidence has demonstrated that inquiry-based physiology laboratories improve students' critical- and analytical-thinking skills. We implemented inquiry-based learning into three physiology courses: Comparative Vertebrate Physiology (majors), Human Physiology (majors), and Human Anatomy and Physiology (nonmajors). The aims of our curricular modifications were to improve the teaching of physiological concepts, teach students the scientific approach, and promote creative and critical thinking. We assessed our modifications using formative (laboratory exams, oral presentations, and laboratory reports) and summative evaluations (surveys, laboratory notebook, and an end of semester project). Students appreciated the freedom offered by the new curriculum and the opportunity to engage in the inquiry process. Results from both forms of evaluation showed a marked improvement due to the curricular revisions. Our analyses indicate an increased confidence in students' ability to formulate questions and hypotheses, design experiments, collect and analyze data, and make conclusions. Thus, we have successfully incorporated inquiry-based laboratories in both major and nonmajor courses. (Contains 11 tables and 2 figures.)"""
0	"Castañeda, T. R., et al. (2010). Ghrelin in the regulation of body weight and metabolism."" Frontiers in Neuroendocrinology 31(1): 44-60."""	330	"Castañeda, T. R., et al. (2010). """"Ghrelin in the regulation of body weight and metabolism."""" Frontiers in Neuroendocrinology 31(1): 44-60."""""	" Ghrelin, a peptide hormone predominantly produced by the stomach, was isolated as the endogenous ligand for the growth hormone secretagogue receptor. Ghrelin is a potent stimulator of growth hormone (GH) secretion and is the only circulatory hormone known to potently enhance feeding and weight gain and to regulate energy homeostasis following central and systemic administration. Therapeutic intervention with ghrelin in catabolic situations may induce a combination of enhanced food intake, increased gastric emptying and nutrient storage, coupled with an increase in GH thereby linking nutrient partitioning with growth and repair processes. These qualities have fostered the idea that ghrelin-based compounds may have therapeutic utility in treating malnutrition and wasting induced by various sub-acute and chronic disorders. Conversely, compounds that inhibit ghrelin action may be useful for the prevention or treatment of metabolic syndrome components such as obesity, impaired lipid metabolism or insulin resistance. In recent years, the effects of ghrelin on glucose homeostasis, memory function and gastrointestinal motility have attracted considerable amount of attention and revealed novel therapeutic targets in treating a wide range of pathologic conditions. Furthermore, discovery of ghrelin O-Acyltransferase has also opened new research opportunities that could lead to major understanding of ghrelin physiology. This review summarizes the current knowledge on ghrelin synthesis, secretion, mechanism of action and biological functions with an additional focus on potential for ghrelin-based pharmacotherapies. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Castillo, A., et al. (2010). Community-based diabetes education for Latinos: The Diabetes Empowerment Education Program."" The Diabetes Educator 36(4): 586-594."""	331	"Castillo, A., et al. (2010). """"Community-based diabetes education for Latinos: The Diabetes Empowerment Education Program."""" The Diabetes Educator 36(4): 586-594."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this study was to conduct a diabetes education program delivered by community health workers (CHWs) in community settings and to evaluate its effectiveness in improving glycemic control and self-management skills in Hispanics/Latinos with type 2 diabetes. Methods: Trained CHWs recruited Hispanic/Latino community residents with self-reported type 2 diabetes, implemented intervention in nonclinical locations, and collected data on diabetes knowledge, self-care behaviors, self-efficacy, depression, A1C, weight, and blood pressure. Classes applied participatory techniques and were delivered in 2-hour group sessions over 10 weeks. Two focus groups collected qualitative postintervention data. Results: Seventy participants enrolled, and 47 completed pretest and posttest data. Improvements were significant for A1C (P = .001) and systolic blood pressure (P = .006). Other positive outcomes were diabetes knowledge, physical activity, spacing carbohydrates, following a healthy eating plan, and eating fruits and vegetables. Improved behaviors also included foot care, glucose self-monitoring, and medication adherence. Depressive symptoms showed a positive trend in intent-to-treat analysis (P = .07), but self-efficacy did not change significantly (P = .142). Qualitative information reported an increase in participants’ perceived competence in self-care and a positive influence of CHWs in participants’ compliance with the program. Conclusions: A diabetes self-management education program for Hispanics/Latinos led by CHWs can be implemented in community settings and may effectively improve behavioral skills and glycemic control. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Cauchi, R. T., et al. (2010). A Controlled Analysis of Professionals' Contemporaneous Notes of Interviews about Alleged Child Abuse."" Child Abuse & Neglect: The International Journal 34(5): 318-323."""	332	"Cauchi, R. T., et al. (2010). """"A Controlled Analysis of Professionals' Contemporaneous Notes of Interviews about Alleged Child Abuse."""" Child Abuse & Neglect: The International Journal 34(5): 318-323."""""	" Objective: The current study investigated (under optimal conditions) the accuracy and completeness of professionals' contemporaneous written notes of child abuse interviews. Method: Participants included 107 experienced child abuse investigators who were all trained to adhere to best-practice interview guidelines and who routinely took notes as records of interviews. The interviews documented for this study were read live for 15 min duration, and at a pace of 2.2 words (on average)/s. The professionals' notes of the interviews were analyzed for completeness and accuracy. Key outcome measures were the prevalence and discernability of the questions (i.e., whether the structure of questions was recorded accurately) as well as the child responses. Results: Despite the omission of 39% of abuse-related details, recording of content details was clearly prioritized over interviewer questions. This was revealed irrespective of the measure of note taking quality or the quality of the interview being recorded. Of the various layout styles employed, scrutiny of interviewer questions was maximized by: (a) using symbols or spacing to delineate questions and responses, (b) capturing the first two words of a question, and (c) using abbreviations. Conclusions: Although note taking could potentially improve with further research, training and instruction, this form of documentation does not provide full scrutiny of the interview process, even under optimal conditions. Practice implications: Electronic recording is strongly recommended for all interviews, especially considering global concerns about interviewers' adherence to best-practice interview guidelines. If notes continue to be used as a record of interview, further research and training are urgently warranted to improve note taking competency. (Contains 1 table.)"""
0	"Cavalera, C., et al. (2015). T-pattern analysis in soccer games: Relationship between time and attack actions."" Cuadernos de Psicología del Deporte 15(1): 41-50."""	333	"Cavalera, C., et al. (2015). """"T-pattern analysis in soccer games: Relationship between time and attack actions."""" Cuadernos de Psicología del Deporte 15(1): 41-50."""""	" Sports performance consists of a multiple series of strategies that tend to follow one another. Performance analysis in team sports is usually focused on primary (fundamental skill execution), secondary (scoring) and tertiary (match result) outcomes. While there is general agreement over measuring secondary and tertiary outcomes, literature does not show a unanimous agreement over a unique measure of the primary level of performance. The aim of this study was to investigate primary performance outcomes through an analysis of temporal patterns. In particular, we were interested in verifying if changes in tertiary performance outcomes may be related to changes in primary ones. We selected three soccer matches played by a top club during the Serie A league over the 2012-2013 season in which there was a change in match result between first and second half (tertiary level of performance). The methodological approach was based on observational design, supported by digital recordings and computer analysis. Data were analyzed with Theme 6 beta software, which detects the temporal and sequential structure of datasets, revealing repeated patterns that may regularly or irregularly occur within a period of observation (T-patterns). Striking differences were found comparing first and second half temporal patterns, especially when the final match outcome showed an improvement of the first half ’s one. Our results suggest that Theme software and T-pattern enhance research opportunities by identifying a useful tool to study the link between primary and tertiary level of performance, making this an effective research and support instrument for sports analysis. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Cavaleri, M. A., et al. (2008). The protective effect of adult mental health upon the utilization of racial socialization parenting practices."" Social Work in Mental Health 6(4): 55-64."""	334	"Cavaleri, M. A., et al. (2008). """"The protective effect of adult mental health upon the utilization of racial socialization parenting practices."""" Social Work in Mental Health 6(4): 55-64."""""	" The purpose of this paper is to examine the impact of parental mental health and types of racial socialization. The sample consisted of 169 African-American parents and their children (ages 9–11) who participated in a federally funded research project, 'Knowledge about the African American Research Experience' (KAARE). Bivariate analyses revealed significant positive relationships between parent mental health status and two forms of racial socialization: spiritual/religious coping, and racial awareness teaching, while multivariate analyses supported the positive association between parental mental health and spiritual/religious coping. These results suggest that parental characteristics may influence the use of specific types of racial socialization to assist youth in coping with discriminatory societal messages. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Cawthon, S. W., et al. (2010). Cognitive apprenticeship in an online research lab for graduate students in psychology."" International Journal of Web-Based Learning and Teaching Technologies 5(1): 1-15."""	335	"Cawthon, S. W., et al. (2010). """"Cognitive apprenticeship in an online research lab for graduate students in psychology."""" International Journal of Web-Based Learning and Teaching Technologies 5(1): 1-15."""""	" In this paper, the authors present a qualitative study of student perceptions of a cognitive apprenticeship in an Online Research Lab (Lab). The Lab’s purpose was to provide psychology graduate students in an online university with hands-on experience in the full trajectory of a research project. Interview data were analyzed using the four categories of the Cognitive Apprenticeship theoretical framework: Content, Method, Sequencing, and Sociology. When discussing their content of the course, students focused on the challenges of tasks that went beyond their previous coursework and knowledge of statistics. Methodologically, students focused on the multiple ways course members communicated with one another. The sequence of the course, both internally as a research project and externally as part of the graduate program, were both important aspects of the experience. From a sociological perspective, social loafing, or non-responsiveness from colleagues, had a negative impact. Instructors seeking to develop online research opportunities for students must consider multiple modes of communication, provide ongoing narratives of the study context, and encourage students to use each other as well as the instructor for support. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Center, D. M., et al. (2012). Genomic Medicine and Lung Diseases."" American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine 186(3): 280-285."""	336	"Center, D. M., et al. (2012). """"Genomic Medicine and Lung Diseases."""" American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine 186(3): 280-285."""""	" The recent explosion of genomic data and technology points to opportunities to redefine lung diseases at the molecular level  to apply integrated genomic approaches to elucidate mechanisms of lung pathophysiology "" and to improve early detection, diagnosis, and treatment of lung diseases. Research is needed to translate genomic discoveries into clinical applications, such as detecting preclinical disease, predicting patient outcomes, guiding treatment choices, and most of all identifying potential therapeutic targets for lung diseases. The Division of Lung Diseases in the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute convened a workshop, """"Genomic Medicine and Lung Diseases,"""" to discuss the potential for integrated genomics and systems approaches to advance 21st century pulmonary medicine and to evaluate the most promising opportunities for this next phase of genomics research to yield clinical benefit. Workshop sessions included (1) molecular phenotypes, molecular biomarkers, and therapeutics""  (2) new technology and opportunity  (3) integrative genomics  (4) molecular anatomy of the lung  (5) novel data and information platforms  and (6) recommendations for exceptional research opportunities in lung genomics research."""
1	"Cepanec, D., et al. (2016). Building Graduate Student Capacity as Future Researchers Through a Research and Training Award Program."" Journal of Nursing Education 55(5): 284-287."""	337	"Cepanec, D., et al. (2016). """"Building Graduate Student Capacity as Future Researchers Through a Research and Training Award Program."""" Journal of Nursing Education 55(5): 284-287."""""	" Background: With the global shortage of doctor of philosophy-prepared nursing faculty and an aging nursing professorate, the nursing profession is at risk of having fewer nurses doing research and fewer faculty to supervise the next generation of nurse researchers. Method: A research training award for graduate nursing students was piloted with the intent of providing a research-intensive experiential learning opportunity that would contribute to graduate students' future roles as nurse researchers. This article describes the program design, implementation, and evaluation. Findings: The Graduate Student Research Training Awards afforded students an opportunity to develop research and methodologic skills and achieve student-centered outcomes. These awards build their capacity as future researchers by both empowering them and increasing their confidence in research. The input and evaluation from graduate students was integral to the success of the program. Conclusion: Graduate student research training awards can be a valuable experiential learning opportunity in research intensive graduate programs."""
0	"Chabowski, B. R., et al. (2010). The structure of JIBS's social network and the relevance of intra-country variation: A typology for future research."" Journal of International Business Studies 41(5): 925-934."""	338	"Chabowski, B. R., et al. (2010). """"The structure of JIBS's social network and the relevance of intra-country variation: A typology for future research."""" Journal of International Business Studies 41(5): 925-934."""""	" We examine articles published in the Journal of International Business Studies (JIBS) and introduce a typology to support the relevance of intra-country variation in international business (IB). Based on social network theory, our analysis uses multidimensional scaling to study 53,203 citations from 1158 qualifying JIBS articles to determine the journal's social structure. The results indicate that three current research clusters (multinational enterprise knowledge development, foreign entry and cultural effects, and the internationalization process and national culture) are based on established IB theory. Then we respond to calls in the literature to improve research concerning intra-country variation, and propose a typology of three dimensions (social, demographic, and geographic) to study the diversity of individual, firm, and economic activity in a country. The social dimension evaluates the importance of modernist and traditionalist values, the demographic dimension proposes differences between urban and rural settings, and the geographic dimension discusses the relevance of border and interior locations. We suggest a nested typology that unifies these three dimensions for continued use in IB. Future research opportunities related to JIBS's social structure and the intra-country variation typology are recommended. Journal of International Business Studies (2010) 41, 925-934. doi:10.1057/jibs.2009.83"""
0	"Chacko, A., et al. (2015). Early-life risk factors for chronic nonrespiratory diseases."" European Respiratory Journal 45(1): 244-259."""	339	"Chacko, A., et al. (2015). """"Early-life risk factors for chronic nonrespiratory diseases."""" European Respiratory Journal 45(1): 244-259."""""	" We have witnessed a change in disease patterns contributing to the global burden of disease, with a shift from early childhood deaths due to the classic infectious communicable diseases to years lived with disability from chronic noncommunicable diseases. In both developing and developed countries, the years lived with disability attributable to chronic disease have increased: cardiovascular diseases by 17.7%  chronic respiratory disease by 8.5%  neurological conditions by 12.2%  diabetes by 30.0%  and mental and behavioural disorders by 5.0% over the past 20 years. Recognition of the contribution made by adverse environmental exposures in early life to noncommunicable diseases in later life is increasing. These early-life exposures appear to contribute to both chronic respiratory and chronic nonrespiratory diseases. In this State of the Art article, we aim to examine early-life environmental exposures that have an epidemiological association with chronic nonrespiratory diseases, such as obesity and type II diabetes, cardiovascular disease, and neurocognitive and behavioural problems. We will highlight the potential overlap in environmental risks with respiratory diseases, and point out knowledge gaps and research opportunities."""
0	"Chairam, S., et al. (2015). Exploring Secondary Students' Understanding of Chemical Kinetics through Inquiry-Based Learning Activities."" Eurasia Journal of Mathematics Science and Technology Education 11(5): 937-956."""	340	"Chairam, S., et al. (2015). """"Exploring Secondary Students' Understanding of Chemical Kinetics through Inquiry-Based Learning Activities."""" Eurasia Journal of Mathematics Science and Technology Education 11(5): 937-956."""""	" This research is trying to evaluate the feedback of Thai secondary school students to inquiry-based teaching and learning methods, exemplified by the study of chemical kinetics. This work used the multiple-choice questions, scientifically practical diagram and questionnaire to assess students' understanding of chemical kinetics. The findings suggest that there was a difference in students' understanding of chemical kinetics as measured via diagnostic tests. While students made significant progress in drawing concept lists, phrasing scientific questions, identifying variables, designing experiments, presenting data and analyzing results, they showed only some improvement about drawing conclusions in practical classes. This more active, student-centred learning seemed to help students enjoy activities and become interested in learning chemical kinetics."""
0	"Chan, R. K. W., et al. (2009). Block to succeed: the Canadian orthopedic resident research experience."" Canadian Journal of Surgery 52(3): 187-195."""	341	"Chan, R. K. W., et al. (2009). """"Block to succeed: the Canadian orthopedic resident research experience."""" Canadian Journal of Surgery 52(3): 187-195."""""	" Background: We assessed the current state of Canadian orthopedic resident research and the effect of protected block research time on the numbers of grants obtained, research projects completed, submissions for publication, publications and conference presentations. Methods: We administered a 27-item cross-sectional survey containing quantitative and qualitative questions to postgraduate year (PGY)-3 to -5 residents in all 16 Canadian orthopedic training programs in the academic year of Jul. 1, 2005, to Jun. 30, 2006. Results: There was an overall response rate of 45% (85/188) from residents in 15 of 16 orthopedic programs: 56% (48/85) of respondents took block research time of at least 1 month (mean 5 mo). The number of months taken was positively correlated with the number of grants obtained (r = 0.28, p = 0.011) and publications (r = 0.23, p = 0.031). Residents who took block time obtained more grants (Fisher exact test 3.54, p = 0.048) and publications (Fisher exact test 6.09, p = 0.012) than those who did not take block time. About 41% (35/85) of respondents said time was the biggest obstacle to research. Conclusion: Providing protected block research time during residency allows Canadian orthopedic residents greater research success."""
0	"Chanan, A., et al. (2012). Case Study Research: Training Interdisciplinary Engineers with Context-Dependent Knowledge."" European Journal of Engineering Education 37(1): 97-104."""	342	"Chanan, A., et al. (2012). """"Case Study Research: Training Interdisciplinary Engineers with Context-Dependent Knowledge."""" European Journal of Engineering Education 37(1): 97-104."""""	" It is now widely acknowledged that water management discipline is transforming, from being a public health and flood prevention challenge of the nineteenth century to a multi-dimensional challenge of water security for the twenty-first century. In order to train water engineers to be capable of working with this holistic multi-dimensional approach, a new paradigm in engineering education is required. Adjustments already made to undergraduate coursework are not enough  this new paradigm requires modifications to the PhD in engineering, with greater emphasis on interdisciplinary case study research. Such a change can deliver PhD graduates with both sufficient social and technical knowledge, who can then go on to become the hybrid lecturers crucially needed for training future water engineers. (Contains 1 figure.)"""
0	"Chandler, C. J. and A. S. Gregory (2010). Sleeping with the Enemy: Wikipedia in the College Classroom."" History Teacher 43(2): 247-257."""	343	"Chandler, C. J. and A. S. Gregory (2010). """"Sleeping with the Enemy: Wikipedia in the College Classroom."""" History Teacher 43(2): 247-257."""""	" Wikipedia is a free online encyclopedia that is written and edited solely by volunteers who have no qualifying credentials save an internet connection. With over 3.1 million articles in English, Wikipedia is indeed a formidable reference web site. From a research standpoint, Wikipedia is both the sinner and the saint: because anyone can make changes to content, Wikipedia lacks scholarly backbone in the form of subject experts and a referee process, but there is strength in its continual updating, allowing new information to be added very quickly instead of taking years to be added to a traditional print encyclopedia. While it certainly should not be the one and only source for undergraduate research, Wikipedia may have appropriate uses in the college classroom. This article describes how two faculty at Lycoming College incorporated this resource into a research and information literacy project, with the goal of enhancing students' critical awareness of its strengths and limitations. (Contains 16 notes.)"""
0	"Chaney, J. M. (2014). Martin P. Levin Mentorship Award: Thoughts on mentoring."" Journal of Pediatric Psychology 39(3): 271-276."""	344	"Chaney, J. M. (2014). """"Martin P. Levin Mentorship Award: Thoughts on mentoring."""" Journal of Pediatric Psychology 39(3): 271-276."""""	" Having had the benefit of both formal and informal mentoring from many influential pediatric psychologists over the course of his career, the author, winner of the Martin P. Levin Mentorship Award, offers his thoughts on the quality research, training, and mentorship experiences he received from so many. On the one hand, he believes gratitude should be extended and great pride taken in the fact that, early on, pioneers in the field of Pediatric Psychology understood the central role of the mentoring process in training (e.g., Drotar, 2003). By the same token, because mentoring has historically been (and continues to be) a ubiquitous part of just what we do, these professional activities exist with little distinction and are often rolled up within one or more of the numerous other responsibilities we perform as part of our jobs. Rosenthal and Black (2006) have pointed out the potential challenges this poses to continued quality mentorship in an era of professional/economic accountability juxtaposed against the multitude research and clinical expectations we all encounter. It is the author's opinion that further exploration of this concept will prove critical for the training experiences of future generations of pediatric psychologists. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Chang, H. C., et al. (2010). Implementing Evidence-Based Practice in Taiwanese Nursing Homes Attitudes and Perceived Barriers and Facilitators."" Journal of Gerontological Nursing 36(1): 41-48."""	345	"Chang, H. C., et al. (2010). """"Implementing Evidence-Based Practice in Taiwanese Nursing Homes Attitudes and Perceived Barriers and Facilitators."""" Journal of Gerontological Nursing 36(1): 41-48."""""	" To date, there is a paucity of research investigating nurses' perceptions of evidence-based practice (EBP) in nursing homes, especially in non-Western countries. This descriptive, quantitative study investigated attitudes toward and perceived barriers and facilitators to research utilization among 89 Taiwanese RNs. The majority of nurses expressed positive attitudes toward research and EBP. The most frequently cited barriers were related to insufficient authority to change practice, difficulty understanding statistical analyses, and a perceived isolation from knowledgeable colleagues with whom to discuss the research. EBP facilitators included improved access to computers and Internet facilities in the workplace, more effective research training, and collaboration with academic nurses. These findings are similar to those from research conducted in Western countries and indicate that further education and training in research for nurses working in nursing homes would be beneficial."""
0	"Chang, S., et al. (2015). Mentoring mentors in scientific communication for trainees."" Academic Medicine 90(3): 265-265."""	346	"Chang, S., et al. (2015). """"Mentoring mentors in scientific communication for trainees."""" Academic Medicine 90(3): 265-265."""""	" Comments on the articles by C. Pfund et al. (see record [rid]2014-17048-014[/rid]) and J. F. Steiner (see record [rid]2014-17048-001[/rid]). We read with interest the article by Pfund et al. on the outcomes of a curriculum for research mentors, and the commentary by Steiner. on the need for an institutional culture of mentorship to reinforce such curricula. We applaud these authors for emphasizing how institutions can help mentors improve their important work, and would like to suggest an additional area of focus. Mentoring in scientific communication is often neglected in the literature and in institutional support systems. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Chang, Y. and C. J. Ramnanan (2015). A review of literature on medical students and scholarly research: Experiences, attitudes, and outcomes."" Academic Medicine 90(8): 1162-1173."""	347	"Chang, Y. and C. J. Ramnanan (2015). """"A review of literature on medical students and scholarly research: Experiences, attitudes, and outcomes."""" Academic Medicine 90(8): 1162-1173."""""	" Purpose: The aim of medical student research programs is to develop interest in and competencies related to scholarly research within future physicians. Although schools invest in these programs, there is currently no consensus regarding what benefits they confer. The goal of this review is to characterize students’ perceptions of research programs during medical school as well as the outcomes attributed to these programs to provide recommendations for their optimization. Method: In June 2013, the authors reviewed the literature (1950–June 2013) and identified 20 reports that provided original data delineating undergraduate medical students’ primarily self-reported experiences with, outcomes related to, and attitudes toward research. Results: Students generally perceive their medical school research experiences to be positive in terms of stimulating research interest and developing scholarly research abilities. The majority of students author at least one article, and first-author publications occur more frequently as formal research experiences lengthen. Elective experiences do not differ from mandatory experiences in terms of student satisfaction or productivity. Several studies uncovered negative student perceptions regarding their research experience, including too little acknowledgment, time, and faculty interaction. Published studies were deficient in characterizing effects on future research engagement in participants. Conclusions: These findings suggest that formal medical student research programs can be optimized by improving the recognition of student effort, promoting student–mentor interaction, and allowing students the option to increase the duration of the research experience. Future studies are needed to determine whether these programs affect research participation and productivity later in participants’ careers. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Chapman, O. and B. Heater (2010). Understanding change through a high school mathematics teacher’s journey to inquiry-based teaching."" Journal of Mathematics Teacher Education 13(6): 445-458."""	348	"Chapman, O. and B. Heater (2010). """"Understanding change through a high school mathematics teacher’s journey to inquiry-based teaching."""" Journal of Mathematics Teacher Education 13(6): 445-458."""""	" This article focuses on an experienced high school mathematics teacher who changed her practice without participating in planned interventions aimed at producing this change. It reports on the nature of the teacher’s change from her perspective and an interpretation and understanding of the change from the researcher’s perspective. It illustrates how meaningful change can occur when the process is initiated and rooted in the teacher’s experience based on a tension in self and/or practice that is personal and real to him or her. It discusses three types of change that are possible depending on the level of engagement of the teacher in professional development opportunities: instrumental change, conceptual change, and foundational change. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Chatha, K. A. and I. Butt (2015). Themes of study in manufacturing strategy literature."" International Journal of Operations & Production Management 35(4): 604-698."""	349	"Chatha, K. A. and I. Butt (2015). """"Themes of study in manufacturing strategy literature."""" International Journal of Operations & Production Management 35(4): 604-698."""""	" Purpose - A literature review within the manufacturing strategy (MS) discipline with a focus on thematic developments is provided. Based on recent studies, a set of challenges posed to manufacturing enterprise of the future are summarized, and thematic areas are analyzed in relation to meeting those challenges. The paper aims to discuss these issues. Design/methodology/approach - Based on a select set of 506 articles published in top-ranked refereed international journals in the discipline of operations management, major and subthemes are identified and the publication trends in these themes are provided with time and across geographical regions, namely: North America, Europe, and other parts of the world. Findings - MS literature is predominantly focussed on the economic objectives of firms without a due focus on the social and environmental perspectives. MS literature covers 11 major thematic areas, namely: MS components and paradigms, manufacturing capabilities (MCs), strategic choices (SCs), best practices (BPs), the strategy process (SP), supply-chain management (SCM), performance measurement, transnational comparisons, global manufacturing, environmental/green manufacturing, and literature reviews. The research in two areas - SCs, and MCs - has been in decline, while the research in BPs, the SP, and transnational comparisons is growing (in absolute figures). Various research opportunities for future studies are identified. Research limitations/implications - The literature review is limited in its selection of articles and journals, however, the identified trends clarify the state of research by the MS research community at large. Practical implications - For researchers, multiple new research directions are identified in order to advance knowledge in the field of MS. The publication trends also highlight thematic areas where most of the MS body of knowledge is currently available and can be utilized by practitioners. Originality/value - The paper's novelty comes from: first, a broader and deeper review of thematic areas that has not been researched before, second, trends in thematic areas by time, across geographical regions, and including time-region dyads, and third, coverage provided by MS literature in meeting challenges posed to manufacturing enterprise of the future."""
0	"Chatha, K. A., et al. (2015). Research methodologies and publication trends in manufacturing strategy A content analysis based literature review."" International Journal of Operations & Production Management 35(4): 487-546."""	350	"Chatha, K. A., et al. (2015). """"Research methodologies and publication trends in manufacturing strategy A content analysis based literature review."""" International Journal of Operations & Production Management 35(4): 487-546."""""	" Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to investigate trends in the use of research methodologies and publications in manufacturing strategy (MS) literature across geographical regions and suggests possible future research opportunities. Design/methodology/approach - This literature review is based on a sample of 512 subject-relevant journal articles and uses content analysis as the primary method for data analysis. The paper investigates developments in the use of research methodologies - in terms of research design, data collection methods, country of data collection, sample size, respondent type, statistical techniques used and time horizon of studies  and publication trends in terms of authorship type, authorship collaboration, most prolific authors, top journals, most prolific universities, and citation analysis. Findings - Research in MS has substantially changed from conceptual quantitative to empirical quantitative designs. NA and Europe show a declining research interest. However, other regions of the world are consistently showing higher interest. Significant opportunities and synergies exist for collaborative research among regions. Research limitations/implications - Though the literature review is limited in its selection of articles and journals it sketches a picture that may surrogate the whole research community in MS. Practical implications - Trends in publications and use of research methodologies provide directions for designing research projects relevant to various geographical regions. This will help develop a holistic understanding of MS that is meaningful for managers of today's organizations. Originality/value - This paper provides broader and deeper review of the MS literature. Complex patterns in data are revealed using cross-tabulations and advanced cross-tabulations that have not been performed in previous content-analysis-based literature reviews in MS. These patterns will help position future research studies."""
0	"Chatzipanagiotou, K. C. and C. D. Coritos (2010). A suggested typology of Greek upscale hotels based on their MrkIS: Implications for hotels' overall effectiveness."" European Journal of Marketing 44(11-12): 1576-1611."""	351	"Chatzipanagiotou, K. C. and C. D. Coritos (2010). """"A suggested typology of Greek upscale hotels based on their MrkIS: Implications for hotels' overall effectiveness."""" European Journal of Marketing 44(11-12): 1576-1611."""""	" Purpose: This paper aims to suggest an empirically based typology of hotels according to their marketing information systems (MrkIS) configurations. The study seeks to examine major antecedents of the effectiveness of MrkIS and their influence on the adoption of specific marketing applications. Finally, this paper seeks to expand the general understanding of the relationship between the effectiveness of a hotel’s MrkIS and that hotel’s overall effectiveness, compared with that of others from the suggested typology. Design/methodology/approach: The paper collected empirical data from a sample of 254 luxury and five-star Greek hotels. They conducted a cluster analysis in order to define various clusters of hotels based on their use of specific marketing applications. They considered the role of basic antecedents—namely the hotel’s degree of market orientation adoption, system quality, the quality of the information that the MrkIS produce, and support service quality—examining their influence on the MrkIS configuration in use. In addition, the paper considers the relationship between MrkIS effectiveness and overall hotel effectiveness as evidenced throughout the different clusters. Findings: The study offers insights that can help hoteliers to analyse realistically the potential benefits of MrkIS for their businesses. Toward this end, the paper identifies three specific types of hotels: the 'transactional-oriented', the 'sales-oriented', and the 'market-oriented'. Research limitations/implications: The results of the study may not be broadly applicable due to differences in national context, hotel category, and other characteristics—a fact that suggests future research opportunities. Practical implications: Based on the current results, a hotel might better evaluate its existing MrkIS and be prepared to maximise the opportunities offered by the full utilisation of these systems. Originality/value: The scarcity of empirical evidence with regard to MrkIS utilisation in the lodging industry makes this kind of study essential. The results of the paper expand the general knowledge about hotels’ MrkIS adoption, its antecedents, its effectiveness and hotels’ overall effectiveness. The results provide an integrated picture of the utilisation of these systems. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Chaubey, I. and M. D. Matlock (2007). Teaching undergraduate students to manage aquatic ecosystems at the watershed level: An ecological engineering approach."" International Journal of Engineering Education 23(4): 723-727."""	352	"Chaubey, I. and M. D. Matlock (2007). """"Teaching undergraduate students to manage aquatic ecosystems at the watershed level: An ecological engineering approach."""" International Journal of Engineering Education 23(4): 723-727."""""	" The Ecological Engineering Group within the Biological and Agricultural Engineering Department at the University of Arkansas applies the principles of ecology and engineering to prepare students to investigate and restore ecosystems degraded by human activity, focusing on the smallest unit of ecosystem management-the watershed. Ecological engineering teaching intertwined with research activities include investigation of the response of aquatic systems to nutrient enrichment from diffuse and point sources, control of biotic and abiotic processes on water quality, combining these investigations to enhance ecosystem management and develop decision support systems. Students are given an opportunity to apply their classroom knowledge to real-world watershed projects. Integration of teaching and research has enabled students to fully publish their research findings in undergraduate research journals."""
0	"Chemers, M. M., et al. (2011). The role of efficacy and identity in science career commitment among underrepresented minority students."" Journal of Social Issues 67(3): 469-491."""	353	"Chemers, M. M., et al. (2011). """"The role of efficacy and identity in science career commitment among underrepresented minority students."""" Journal of Social Issues 67(3): 469-491."""""	" A web-based survey of members of the Society for the Advancement of Chicanos and Native Americans in Science tested a model that proposed that the effects of science support experiences on commitment to science careers would be mediated by science self-efficacy and identity as a scientist. A sample of 327 undergraduates and 338 graduate students and postdoctoral fellows described their science support experiences (research experience, mentoring, and community involvement)  psychological variables (science self-efficacy, leadership/teamwork self-efficacy, and identity as a scientist)  and commitment to pursue a career in scientific research. Structural equation model analyses supported our predictions. Among the undergraduates, science (but not leadership/teamwork), self-efficacy, and identity as a scientist fully mediated the effects of science support experiences and were strong predictors of commitment. Results for the graduate/postdoctoral sample revealed a very similar pattern of results, with the added finding that all three psychological mediators, including leadership/teamwork self-efficacy, predicted commitment. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Chen, C.-H. and C.-Y. Chen (2012). Instructional Approaches on Science Performance, Attitude and Inquiry Ability in a Computer-Supported Collaborative Learning Environment."" Turkish Online Journal of Educational Technology - TOJET 11(1): 113-122."""	354	"Chen, C.-H. and C.-Y. Chen (2012). """"Instructional Approaches on Science Performance, Attitude and Inquiry Ability in a Computer-Supported Collaborative Learning Environment."""" Turkish Online Journal of Educational Technology - TOJET 11(1): 113-122."""""	" This study examined the effects of an inquiry-based learning (IBL) approach compared to that of a problem-based learning (PBL) approach on learner performance, attitude toward science and inquiry ability. Ninety-six students from three 7th-grade classes at a public school were randomly assigned to two experimental groups and one control group. All groups received the same web-based curriculum on the scientific topic of the greenhouse effect. These IBL groups, though, were asked to actively participate in the processes of predicting, hypothesizing, and testing, while the PBL groups were instructed to follow a specific problem-solving process. The results revealed that all students performed equally in science performance despite of the treatment groups. In terms of attitude toward science, the findings indicated that students participated in IBL or PBL groups reported more positive attitudes toward learning science and resulted in higher inquiry abilities than those who were in the control group. This study concerns itself with the features of the experimental treatment that may have contributed to these results, the implications of which are also considered. (Contains 2 figures and 2 tables.)"""
0	"Chen, M., et al. (2013). Recent Advances in Applications and Performance of Inorganic Hollow Spheres in Devices."" Advanced Materials 25(37): 5343-5351."""	355	"Chen, M., et al. (2013). """"Recent Advances in Applications and Performance of Inorganic Hollow Spheres in Devices."""" Advanced Materials 25(37): 5343-5351."""""	" Inorganic hollow spheres have wide, important applications due to their unique structure, controllable morphology, and composition. Recent developments in the application and performance of inorganic hollow spheres in solar cells, UV photodectors, gas sensors, and supercapacitors are discussed. For each inorganic hollow sphere based device, a critical comment is given based on knowledge and related research experience. Some perspectives on the future research and development of these inorganic-hollow-sphere devices are given."""
0.5	"Cheng, P. H., et al. (2016). 5E Mobile Inquiry Learning Approach for Enhancing Learning Motivation and Scientific Inquiry Ability of University Students."" IEEE Transactions on Education 59(2): 147-153."""	356	"Cheng, P. H., et al. (2016). """"5E Mobile Inquiry Learning Approach for Enhancing Learning Motivation and Scientific Inquiry Ability of University Students."""" IEEE Transactions on Education 59(2): 147-153."""""	" In recent years, many universities have opened courses to increase students' knowledge in the field of nanotechnology. These have been shown to increase students' knowledge of nanotechnology, but beyond this, advanced and applied nanotechnology courses should also focus on learning motivation and scientific enquiry abilities to equip students to develop the deeper knowledge and skills required for scientific application. This paper addresses this challenge. Due to the abstract nature of many nanotechnology concepts and in order to move from abstract knowledge to hands-on learning, an inquiry-based learning approach was adopted. Among the diverse inquiry-based learning models proposed, the 5E mobile inquiry-based approach, including the steps of engagement, exploration, explanation, elaboration, and evaluation, was considered most effective to enhance learners' understanding of nanotechnology. To evaluate the effectiveness of this proposed approach, a pretest-posttest quasi-experimental design was adopted with a total of 32 university students. Two sections of Nanotechnology Engineering, a general education course, were randomly assigned as either the comparison group (18 students  receiving lecture-based instruction, and using mobile devices) or the experimental group (14 students  receiving 5E inquiry learning, and using mobile devices). Mobile devices were adopted to enhance learners' experience, provide immediate access to information online, and provide enhanced hands-on learning. The empirical results demonstrate that the experimental condition, 5E mobile inquiry learning, had a positive impact on participants' learning motivation and scientific inquiry abilities."""
0	"Chiang, K.-H. (2011). A Typology of Research Training in University-Industry Collaboration: The Case of Life Sciences in Finland."" Industry and Higher Education 25(2): 93-107."""	357	"Chiang, K.-H. (2011). """"A Typology of Research Training in University-Industry Collaboration: The Case of Life Sciences in Finland."""" Industry and Higher Education 25(2): 93-107."""""	" This paper examines the educational implications of research collaboration between university and industry for the research training of doctoral students. It is concerned with the issues of how research training is constructed in such collaborations and what might be the effects of collaboration on doctoral students' learning. The study adopts a knowledge perspective. Three different dispositions of knowledge are identified: ""expert"""", """"utilitarian"""" and """"commercialized"""". Doctoral students' experiences were examined in relation to two aspects of research training--industrial involvement in supervision and academic freedom--in university-industry collaboration in the field of life sciences. Thirty-five in-depth interviews were carried out at BioCity Turku in Finland with 16 doctoral students, 14 of their supervisors and 5 PhD graduates. Four major types of PhD research collaboration were discovered, characterized as """"Financial"""", """"Interactive"""", """"Kangaroo"""" and """"Appendant"""". The significance of each type is discussed in relation to different knowledge dispositions. Drawing on the research findings, suggestions are offered for constructing successful research training programmes through university-industry collaboration. (Contains 2 notes, 3 figures, and 1 table.)"""""
0	"Chiang, T. H. C., et al. (2014). Students' online interactive patterns in augmented reality-based inquiry activities."" Computers & Education 78: 97-108."""	358	"Chiang, T. H. C., et al. (2014). """"Students' online interactive patterns in augmented reality-based inquiry activities."""" Computers & Education 78: 97-108."""""	" Inquiry learning has been developing for years and many countries have incorporated inquiry learning into the scope of K-12 education. Educators have indicated the importance of engaging students in knowledge-sharing activities during the inquiry learning process. In this study, a location-based augmented reality (AR) environment with a five-step guiding mechanism is developed to guide students to share knowledge in inquiry learning activities. To evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed approach in terms of promoting the knowledge sharing behaviors of students, an experiment has been conducted in an elementary school natural science course. The participants were 57 fourth-grade students from an elementary school in Northern Taiwan, divided into an experimental group of 28 students who learned with the AR-based approach and a control group of 29 students who learned with the conventional in-class mobile learning approach. The students' learning behaviors, including their movements in the real-world environment and interactions with peers, were recorded. Accordingly, the learning patterns and interactions of the two groups were analyzed via lag-sequential analysis and quantitative content analysis. It was found that, in comparison with the conventional inquiry-based mobile learning activity, the AR-based inquiry learning activity is able to engage the students in more interactions for knowledge construction. The findings of this study provide guidance for helping teachers develop effective strategies and learning designs for conducting inquiry-based learning activities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Chichekian, T., et al. (2016). First-Year Teachers' Uphill Struggle to Implement Inquiry Instruction: Exploring the Interplay Among Self-Efficacy, Conceptualizations, and Classroom Observations of Inquiry Enactment."" Sage Open 6(2)."""	359	"Chichekian, T., et al. (2016). """"First-Year Teachers' Uphill Struggle to Implement Inquiry Instruction: Exploring the Interplay Among Self-Efficacy, Conceptualizations, and Classroom Observations of Inquiry Enactment."""" Sage Open 6(2)."""""	" This longitudinal study of six first-year teachers focused on conceptualizations of inquiry-based pedagogy, self-efficacy for inquiry-based teaching, and its actual enactment. Data included a self-report survey of self-efficacy for inquiry-based instruction, individual interviews at the beginning and end of the year, and five distributed classroom observations. At year's end, self-efficacy for inquiry teaching declined, as did frequencies of concepts teachers used to describe inquiry enactment. Inquiry descriptions reflected a set of interrelated procedures more than inquiry as conceptual knowledge. Novice teachers were observed least enacting pedagogical actions that required enabling students to communicate findings and the most in student engagement  however, over time frequencies of student engagement declined. Consistent patterns were observed between shifts in self-efficacy and inquiry enactment and shifts between self-efficacy and conceptualizations of inquiry enactment. We found beginning steps toward links between teacher's conceptualizations and classroom practice."""
0	"Child, M. J., et al. (2014). Expanding clinical medical training opportunities at the University of Nairobi: Adapting a regional medical education model from the WWAMI program at the University of Washington."" Academic Medicine 89(Suppl 8): S35-S39."""	360	"Child, M. J., et al. (2014). """"Expanding clinical medical training opportunities at the University of Nairobi: Adapting a regional medical education model from the WWAMI program at the University of Washington."""" Academic Medicine 89(Suppl 8): S35-S39."""""	" A major medical education need in Sub-Saharan Africa includes expanding clinical training opportunities to develop health professionals. Medical education expansion is a complicated process that requires significant investment of financial and human resources, but it can also provide opportunities for innovative approaches and partnerships. In 2010, the U.S. President’s Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief launched the Medical Education Partnership Initiative to invest in medical education and health system strengthening in Africa. Building on a 30-year collaborative clinical and research training partnership, the University of Nairobi in Kenya developed a pilot regional medical education program modeled on the WWAMI (Washington, Wyoming, Alaska, Montana, and Idaho) medical education program at the University of Washington in the United States. The University of Nairobi adapted key elements of the WWAMI model to expand clinical training opportunities without requiring major capital construction of new buildings or campuses. The pilot program provides short-term clinical training opportunities for undergraduate students and recruits and trains clinical faculty at 14 decentralized training sites. The adaptation of a model from the Northwestern United States to address medical education needs in Kenya is a successful transfer of knowledge and practices that can be scaled up and replicated across Sub-Saharan Africa. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Chowdhary, B., et al. (2014). Examining Science Teachers' Development of Interdisciplinary Science Inquiry Pedagogical Knowledge and Practices."" Journal of Science Teacher Education 25(8): 865-884."""	361	"Chowdhary, B., et al. (2014). """"Examining Science Teachers' Development of Interdisciplinary Science Inquiry Pedagogical Knowledge and Practices."""" Journal of Science Teacher Education 25(8): 865-884."""""	" The current literature relates to how teachers develop knowledge and practice of science inquiry, but little has been reported on how teachers develop interdisciplinary science inquiry (ISI) knowledge and practice. This study examines the effect of university research experiences, ongoing professional development, and in-school support on teachers' development of ISI pedagogical knowledge and practices. It centers on documenting diverse teachers' journeys of experiencing ISI as well as developing knowledge of ISI. It was found that there was variation in ISI understanding and practice among the teachers as a result of the combination of teachers' experiences, beliefs, and participation. Thus, in order to help teachers develop ISI knowledge and pedagogy, barriers to ISI knowledge development and implementation must also be addressed. Professional developers must articulate clear program goals to all stakeholders including an explicit definition of ISI and the ability to recognize ISI attributes during research experiences as well as during classroom implementation. Teachers must also be held accountable for participation and reflection in all aspects of professional development. Program developers must also take into consideration teachers' needs, attitudes, and beliefs toward their students when expecting changes in teachers' cognition and behavior to teach inquiry-rich challenging science."""
0	"Chreiman, K. M., et al. (2015). Blueprint for Implementing New Processes in Acute Care Rescuing Adult Patients With Intraosseous Access."" Journal of Trauma Nursing 22(5): 266-273."""	362	"Chreiman, K. M., et al. (2015). """"Blueprint for Implementing New Processes in Acute Care Rescuing Adult Patients With Intraosseous Access."""" Journal of Trauma Nursing 22(5): 266-273."""""	" The intraosseous (IO) access initiative at an urban university adult level 1 trauma center began from the need for a more expeditious vascular access route to rescue patients in extremis. The goal of this project was a multidisciplinary approach to problem solving to increase access of IO catheters to rescue patients in all care areas. The initiative became a collaborative effort between nursing, physicians, and pharmacy to embark on an acute care endeavor to standardize IO access. This is a descriptive analysis of processes to effectively develop collaborative strategies to navigate hospital systems and successfully implement multilayered initiatives. Administration should empower nurse to advance their practice to include IO for patient rescue. Intraosseous access may expedite resuscitative efforts in patients in extremis who lack venous access or where additional venous access is required for life-saving therapies. Limiting IO dwell time may facilitate timely definitive venous access. Continued education and training by offering IO skill laboratory refreshers and annual e-learning didactic is optimal for maintaining proficiency and knowledge. More research opportunities exist to determine medication safety and efficacy in adult patients in the acute care setting."""
0	"Christensen, C. M. (2015). Activating College Men to Prevent Sexual Violence: A Qualitative Investigation."" NASPA Journal About Women in Higher Education 8(2): 195-209."""	363	"Christensen, C. M. (2015). """"Activating College Men to Prevent Sexual Violence: A Qualitative Investigation."""" NASPA Journal About Women in Higher Education 8(2): 195-209."""""	" This study explores the experiences of male college students who participated in a theatre-based, peer-education, sexual assault prevention presentation. The program was established through the use of Pedagogy of the Oppressed and Theatre of the Oppressed, as well as multicultural feminist theory and approaches. These models emphasize subverting social norms that perpetuate sexual violence. Data were collected via field notes and focus group interviews. Implications for how higher education administrators can develop programs to prevent sexual violence against college women are discussed, as well as future research opportunities."""
0	"Christie, J., et al. (2012). How can we maximize nursing students’ learning about research evidence and utilization in undergraduate, preregistration programmes? A discussion paper."" Journal of Advanced Nursing 68(12): 2789-2801."""	364	"Christie, J., et al. (2012). """"How can we maximize nursing students’ learning about research evidence and utilization in undergraduate, preregistration programmes? A discussion paper."""" Journal of Advanced Nursing 68(12): 2789-2801."""""	" Aim: This article presents a discussion on how to maximize nursing students’ learning about research for evidence-based practice in undergraduate, preregistration programmes. Background: Evidence-based practice may use information from many sources, including research. Research utilization concerns the translation of research findings into practice. Thus, while evidence-base practice may not be solely research-based and hence more than research utilization, research remains an important ingredient in ensuring quality and cost-effective care and an academic requirement for nursing students undertaking a science degree-level qualification. Nevertheless, how educators can best support research-related learning and application remains uncertain and requires discussion. Data sources: MEDLINE, CINAHL, Social Science Citation Index, British Nursing Index, and Intute were searched for papers published 1980–2011 using the following search terms: research, research utilization, evidence-based practice, learning, teaching, education, training, nursing, health, and social care. Discussion: Nursing students need to be able to value the relevance, authority, and utility of nursing research for patient care through embedding research learning in both academic and practice-based settings. Students can be supported in learning how to access, understand, and appraise the authority of research through weaving these skills into enquiry-based learning. Furthermore, encouraging students to undertake research-based practice change projects can support research utilization and development skills. Conclusion: Research should be fully embedded throughout nursing curricula beyond the confines of ‘research classes’, integrating learning in academic and practice-based settings. Although this requires synergistic and integrated support of student learning by nurse educators, managers, clinical practitioners, researchers and policymakers  nurse educators have a pivotal role. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Christofides, E., et al. (2016). Heuristic decision-making about research participation in children with cystic fibrosis."" Social Science & Medicine 162: 32-40."""	365	"Christofides, E., et al. (2016). """"Heuristic decision-making about research participation in children with cystic fibrosis."""" Social Science & Medicine 162: 32-40."""""	" Rationale: Traditional perspectives on informed consent assume that when faced with decisions about whether to participate in research, individuals behave according to principles of classical rationality, taking into account all available information to weigh risks and benefits to come to a decision that is optimal for them. However, theoretical and empirical research in psychology suggests that people may not make decisions in this way. Less is known about decision-making processes as they pertain to participating in biomedical research, particularly when the participants are children. Objective: We sought to better understand research decision processes especially in children who tend to participate extensively in research due to chronic illness. Methods: To learn more about children’s decision-making in this context, we interviewed 19 young patients with cystic fibrosis (male n = 7  female n = 12) aged 8–18 years (M = 13 years) at a children’s hospital in Canada between April and August 2013. Results: We found that participants generally had a default approach to participation decisions, which they attributed to their parents’ attitudes to research, experiences of having grown up participating in research, trusting the researchers, and wanting to help. Most of our participants made the decision to participate in research based on a heuristic with a baseline to say 'yes', subject to change based on aspects of the research or particular preferences. In particular, concerns with the procedure, unwillingness to talk about cystic fibrosis, logistical challenges, and perceptions of risk all influenced the decision, as did the perceived importance or personal relevance of the research. Conclusion: Our study illustrates that rather than conducting risk/benefit analyses, participants tended to adopt a heuristic-like approach, consistent with decision theories that view heuristic decision-making as ecologically rational. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Chuang, F. P., et al. (2009). Nurturing the Clinical Research Leaders of Tomorrow."" Drug Information Journal 43(3): 365-369."""	366	"Chuang, F. P., et al. (2009). """"Nurturing the Clinical Research Leaders of Tomorrow."""" Drug Information Journal 43(3): 365-369."""""	" Well-designed and performed pivotal trials are critical in providing the efficacy and safety of a new drug for regulatory approval. The success of clinical drug development relies oil the ability of clinical trial leaders to design and conduct international clinical studies. Physicians can do good clinical practice quality trials by following the protocols accurately but may not be able to design a complicated trial or lead an international clinical trial team. Clinical trial leaders are rarely born but have to be trained and learn through clinical research experience. Academic centers and drug industries have identified this need and proactively designed programs to nurture the clinical trial leaders of tomorrow via multidisciplinary programs. Using Taiwan as an example, the government has setup a Center of Excellence for Clinical Trials and Research (CECTR) in four medical centers. These national CECTRs complete a nationwide clinical trial network  strengthen clinical trial and clinical research infrastructure  set up national clinical trial and translational research centers  provide education and training for clinical researchers, doctors, nurses, and pharmacists  and improve quality, capacity, capability, and results of clinical trials. They are among the best in the world. Major pharmaceutical companies sponsored 200 international clinical trials for New Drug Applications in Taiwan in 2007 Our clinical investigators showed their clinical trial leadership by chairing many international clinical trials in Asia and worldwide. A Clinical Triol Academy for the training of clinical research leaders in Asia-Pacific is held regularly at the National CECTR at National Taiwan University Hospital. In collaboration with distinguished speakers from the industry, academia, and the local regulatory agency, promising young physicians from Asia-Pacific are trained in practical small-group workshops. Topics selected included how to perform international investigator meetings, how to write principal investigator (PI)-initiated clinical trial protocols, the concept of new drug development from the perspective of industry, experience in the institutional review board review of investigational new drug protocols, and so oil. These investments in human resources have been well reflected in the number of clinical trials performed in Taiwan. Other than Australia, Taiwan has the highest number of PI-initiated clinical trials in Asia. We believe a good clinical research environment can attract young physicians to develop careers in clinical research and become clinical trial leaders of tomorrow"""
0	"Chung, H.-M. and K. J. Behan (2010). Peer Sharing Facilitates the Effect of Inquiry-Based Projects on Science Learning."" American Biology Teacher 72(1): 24-29."""	367	"Chung, H.-M. and K. J. Behan (2010). """"Peer Sharing Facilitates the Effect of Inquiry-Based Projects on Science Learning."""" American Biology Teacher 72(1): 24-29."""""	" Authentic assessment exercises are similar to real-world tasks that would be expected by a professional. An authentic assessment in combination with an inquiry-based learning activity enhances students' learning and rehearses them for their future roles, whether as scientists or as informed citizens. Over a period of 2 years, we experimented with two inquiry-based projects "" one had traditional scientific inquiry characteristics, and the other used popular culture as the medium of inquiry. We found that activities that incorporated group learning motivated students and sharpened their abilities to apply and communicate their knowledge of science. We also discovered that incorporating popular culture provided """"Millennial"""" students with a refreshing view of science learning and increased their appetites to explore and elaborate on science."""""
0	"Chung, J. and M. Pao (2013). Stepping stones for psychiatry residents who pursue scientific research careers."" International Review of Psychiatry 25(3): 284-290."""	368	"Chung, J. and M. Pao (2013). """"Stepping stones for psychiatry residents who pursue scientific research careers."""" International Review of Psychiatry 25(3): 284-290."""""	" Advances in areas of neuroscience are highly relevant to psychiatric disorders but there exists a gap between discoveries in neuroscience and the practice of clinical psychiatry. Psychiatry is a field in need of high impact research conducted by physician-scientists who have first-hand experience treating patients with mental illness and who use this clinical knowledge to improve and discover better or novel interventions. This paper focuses primarily on the training of psychiatry residents for successful scientific research careers and what residency programmes and others can do to help them succeed. Changes also need to be made at a regulatory level to enhance the research training and literacy of psychiatry residents. The shortage of psychiatrists who are well trained in basic and translational research can only be remedied if the path to becoming an independent investigator is lined with stepping stones that support success, including during the residency years. Partnerships among funding agencies, professional societies and training institutions can lay the groundwork for our psychiatric trainees to stay on the path to rewarding scientific research careers. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Churchill, S. S., et al. (2012). Sleep measurement and monitoring in children with Down syndrome: A review of the literature, 1960–2010."" Sleep Medicine Reviews 16(5): 477-488."""	369	"Churchill, S. S., et al. (2012). """"Sleep measurement and monitoring in children with Down syndrome: A review of the literature, 1960–2010."""" Sleep Medicine Reviews 16(5): 477-488."""""	" Children with Down syndrome (DS) are at risk for sleep disturbances due to the anatomical features of the syndrome. Over the past 50 years research studies have measured sleep in children with DS to characterize sleep architecture and its relation to developmental delay. In the 1980s sleep disordered breathing (SDB) was recognized as a major cause of sleep disturbance in DS. The aim of this comprehensive review is to synthesize studies and present the historical context of evolving technologies, methodologies, and knowledge about SDB and DS. Future research opportunities and practice implications are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Cihon, T. M., et al. (2008). Using Visual Phonics as a Strategic Intervention to Increase Literacy Behaviors for Kindergarten Participants At-Risk for Reading Failure."" Journal of Early and Intensive Behavior Intervention 5(3): 138-155."""	370	"Cihon, T. M., et al. (2008). """"Using Visual Phonics as a Strategic Intervention to Increase Literacy Behaviors for Kindergarten Participants At-Risk for Reading Failure."""" Journal of Early and Intensive Behavior Intervention 5(3): 138-155."""""	" The article presents a model of an effectively implemented visual phonics intervention program for kindergarten children at high risk for reading failure in a general education classroom. There is a growing body of professional literature documenting the effectiveness of visual phonics for children who are hard-of-hearing or deaf. There is little information on the benefits of visual phonics for hearing participants at high risk for reading failure. The preliminary findings of this study suggest that See the Sound/Visual Phonics (STS/VP) intervention in the classroom is appropriate for children who are falling behind using the regular curriculum. Post-intervention gains were noted on both the ""Dynamic Indicators of Basic Early Literacy Skills"""" (DIBELS) and the curriculum based assessment for participants who participated in the STS/VP intervention. The data also suggest that participants performed similarly to their grade level peers who were at benchmark based on DIBELS and who did not receive the STS/VP intervention. Results are discussed in terms of future research opportunities. (Contains 5 figures and 5 tables.)"""""
0	"Clacherty, G. and D. Donald (2007). Child participation in research: Reflections on ethical challenges in the southern African context."" African Journal of AIDS Research 6(2): 147-156."""	371	"Clacherty, G. and D. Donald (2007). """"Child participation in research: Reflections on ethical challenges in the southern African context."""" African Journal of AIDS Research 6(2): 147-156."""""	" This article reflects on several challenges that particular cultural, socio-economic and catastrophic factors (such as the HIV epidemic) pose to ethical practice in research involving child participation in a region such as southern Africa. With reference to concrete situations, we discuss research practices in relation to: countering the widespread power disparity between adults and children  ensuring the authenticity of children's evidence  obtaining informed consent  ensuring non-malfeasance and beneficence  and preserving the anonymity of participants and their sources. Within the authors' own research experience, selected elements of practice that have been helpful in addressing these issues are offered. It is hoped that the article may have relevance not only in the southern African context, but also for developing countries elsewhere. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Clancy, A. A. and G. Posner (2015). Attitudes Toward Research During Residency: A Survey of Canadian Residents in Obstetrics and Gynecology."" Journal of Surgical Education 72(5): 836-843."""	372	"Clancy, A. A. and G. Posner (2015). """"Attitudes Toward Research During Residency: A Survey of Canadian Residents in Obstetrics and Gynecology."""" Journal of Surgical Education 72(5): 836-843."""""	" OBJECTIVES: Obstetrics and Gynecology (Ob/Gyn) residency programs in Canada mandate participation in scholarly research activity, yet there remains a lack of literature on trainees' opinions regarding its value, feasibility, and perceived effect on future practice. An understanding of resident attitudes toward research during residency is essential in effectively engaging trainees and fostering a robust research community in the field. We sought to identify factors reported to influence involvement in resident research, including perceived barriers. DESIGN: Anonymous data were collected via an online survey distributed to all residents enrolled in accredited Ob/Gyn residency programs throughout Canada. The 10-minute, previously piloted questionnaire covered questions related to demographic information, research experience, career goals, current research activities, opinions on research environment, and opinions regarding the effect of research on future practice. Descriptive statistics were used to describe demographics, research background, and current research activities. Categorical variables were compared using the chi-square analysis and continuous variables were compared using the Mann-Whitney rank sum tests. RESULTS: A total of 175 residents completed the survey  61% agreed/strongly agreed that they participate in research solely because it is mandated by their program, 22% felt that their training environment did not promote research, 19% disagreed/strongly disagreed that research is a positive experience, while 70% agreecUstrongly agreed that they would prefer to complete another educational activity other than a research. project. Time constraints owing to residency duties, time constraints owing to personal reasons, and lack of statistical knowledge were reported as barriers to research involvement by 97%, 90%, and 74% of trainees, respectively. Residents with graduate degrees were less likely to report lack of training on research design as a moderate/extreme barrier (7% vs 32%, p = 0.007). CONCLUSIONS: There exists considerable disparity in enthusiasm for scholarly research activity among Ob/Gyn residents. Curricular development should focus on addressing resident-reported barriers, including the provision of protected time for research and access to statistical support and education, particularly for residents without graduate degrees. (C) 2015 Association of Program Directors in Surgery. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""
0	"Clark, L., et al. (2010). Research opportunities with Curanderos to address childhood overweight in Latino families."" Qualitative Health Research 20(1): 4-14."""	373	"Clark, L., et al. (2010). """"Research opportunities with Curanderos to address childhood overweight in Latino families."""" Qualitative Health Research 20(1): 4-14."""""	" Curanderos are consulted as an adjunct or alternative to biomedical health care in the greater southwest, although the extent of their involvement in obesity prevention and treatment is poorly understood. Seven curanderos participated in audiotaped interviews about their work with families and beliefs about childhood feeding and overweight. Themes reflected curanderos’ beliefs about their practice and childhood obesity. Curanderos approach their work as a calling, emphasizing elements from nature in etiology and cure. From the curandero’s standpoint, essential elements of obesity management must acknowledge the socially marginalized experiences of Latinos. We encountered working with curanderos as problematic, and this likely reflected our differing personal characteristics and a tension between our healing professions. Curanderos could serve as collaborators in childhood obesity interventions if we craft health messages and delivery modes that resonate with Latino families and address ethical and communication issues on the research team. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Clarke, B. (2012). The 2011 James Forrest Lecture - engineering education - a historical perspective of the future."" Civil Engineering and Environmental Systems 29(3): 191-212."""	374	"Clarke, B. (2012). """"The 2011 James Forrest Lecture - engineering education - a historical perspective of the future."""" Civil Engineering and Environmental Systems 29(3): 191-212."""""	" The decision in 1747 to create the Ecole Pont et Chausses in Paris to educate engineers has had a significant effect on higher education. The original programme was founded on underlying mathematical principles of calculus, geometry and algebra which, through practice, led to creative solutions. Through innovation driven by scientific discoveries and societal demands, the programmes have evolved into research-led, industry-informed learning experiences. It is this practice of creating a corpus of knowledge and then going on to challenge that knowledge that leads to the contribution that engineers make to society. Recognising and understanding the balance between tradition and innovation is a key feature of engineering degree programmes that equip graduates with a habit of mind that enables them to deal with future challenges. This strengthens the need for research-led teaching that is industry-informed. Achieving that balance has always been difficult but its success is demonstrated by the built environment in which we live, which has been, in part, created by civil engineering graduates. This paper, the written version of the Institution of Civil Engineers 2011 James Forrest Lecture, traces the development of this philosophy, how the consequences have benefited society and how it will develop."""
0	"Clarke, J. B. and J. R. Coyle (2011). A Capstone Wiki Knowledge Base: A Case Study of an Online Tool Designed to Promote Life-Long Learning through Engineering Literature Research."" Issues in Science and Technology Librarianship(65): 0."""	375	"Clarke, J. B. and J. R. Coyle (2011). """"A Capstone Wiki Knowledge Base: A Case Study of an Online Tool Designed to Promote Life-Long Learning through Engineering Literature Research."""" Issues in Science and Technology Librarianship(65): 0."""""	" This article reports the results of a case study in which an experimental wiki knowledge base was designed, developed, and tested by the Brill Science Library at Miami University for an undergraduate engineering senior capstone project. The wiki knowledge base was created to determine if the science library could enhance the engineering literature research experience of a senior capstone class in an innovative manner. In doing so a precedent was set for supporting all of the School of Engineering and Applied Sciences accreditation efforts to promote the life-long learning outcome. The results of a usability test are also reported. Wiki development is discussed, test results are analyzed, and design modification needs are identified. User feedback indicates the library-generated online research tool offers a dynamic and practical means for engineering librarians to promote their collections and the value of life-long learning. Implications for technology librarians and related research are discussed. (Contains 2 tables.)"""
0	"Clary, R. M. and J. H. Wandersee (2009). Can Teachers ""Learn"" in an Online Environment?"" Kappa Delta Pi Record 46(1): 34-38."""	376	"Clary, R. M. and J. H. Wandersee (2009). """"Can Teachers """"Learn"""" in an Online Environment?"""" Kappa Delta Pi Record 46(1): 34-38."""""	" In June 2009, the U.S. Department of Education released a meta-analysis of online learning studies that detailed strong support for online learning. The authors of this report, however, cautioned that online students' increased interaction--as well as differences in curriculum and pedagogy--did not allow a direct comparison between online and traditional classrooms. Moreover, the positive learning benefits of online education examined in this report applied only to K-12 students. Can online education also provide an effective learning environment for teachers? In this article, the authors sought teachers' opinions on whether online classrooms provided opportunities for successful professional development, especially when the online courses were ""science"""" content courses, and the methods for content delivery included active-learning strategies and informal education sites. Using research literature that documented best practices for content delivery, the authors designed their online science classrooms to include the integration of informal environments and assignments that would provide active learning and inquiry-based learning benefits. In their online courses, the authors sought to discover whether science instruction delivered through an online environment could help close the gap in teachers' knowledge of science. Through multiple semesters of their online science courses, the authors' surveys revealed that teachers enjoyed opportunities that (1) transported them beyond the confines of their computer environment""  and (2) facilitated relationships with their online colleagues and local communities. From their research and the survey responses, the authors found that teachers are tremendously positive when discussing the value of the online environment for furthering their content knowledge in the subjects they teach."""
0	"Classen, S. (2010). Special issue on older driver safety and community mobility."" American Journal of Occupational Therapy 64(2): 211-214."""	377	"Classen, S. (2010). """"Special issue on older driver safety and community mobility."""" American Journal of Occupational Therapy 64(2): 211-214."""""	" As our population ages, more older adults are living longer with chronic conditions, using multiple medications, and experiencing multiple comorbidities—all of which can affect safe driving and independence in community mobility. As such, I am excited to release this Special Issue on Older Driver Safety and Community Mobility, the first issue that has been dedicated in its entirety to this emerging practice area. This special issue features 14 research articles on older driver safety and community mobility research. Plausible clinical practice and research opportunities exist in each of the seven themes. Likewise, contributions to clinical practice were made to most of these seven themes. Table 1 provides a synopsis of research opportunities and contributions. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Claycomb, G. D. and F. A. Venable (2015). Selection, Evaluation, and Modification of a Standard Operating Procedure as a Mechanism for Introducing an Undergraduate Student to Chemical Research: A Case Study."" Journal of Chemical Education 92(2): 256-261."""	378	"Claycomb, G. D. and F. A. Venable (2015). """"Selection, Evaluation, and Modification of a Standard Operating Procedure as a Mechanism for Introducing an Undergraduate Student to Chemical Research: A Case Study."""" Journal of Chemical Education 92(2): 256-261."""""	" In an effort to broaden the selection of research opportunities available to a student registered in a one-semester, upper-level independent study course at a primarily undergraduate institution (PUI), a highly motivated student was asked to select, evaluate, and modify a standard operating procedure (SOP). The student gained valuable experience in the decision-making processes involved with selecting an SOP based on discernment of which procedures could be performed at our institution. Once a procedure was selected, the student set up and evaluated the performance of the procedure, enabling mastery of the process. After demonstrating competence, the student was asked to suggest and perform modifications to the procedure thereby providing an opportunity to gain a better connection between the procedure and results. In this work, the QuEChERS (quick easy cheap effective rugged and safe) method for the analysis of hexachlorobenzene (HCB) was examined demonstrating the effectiveness of using an SOP as a tool for introducing an undergraduate to research at a PUI."""
0	"Cleary, M., et al. (2013). Career development: Graduate nurse views."" Journal of Clinical Nursing 22(17-18): 2605-2613."""	379	"Cleary, M., et al. (2013). """"Career development: Graduate nurse views."""" Journal of Clinical Nursing 22(17-18): 2605-2613."""""	" Aims and objectives: To explore recent Singapore nursing graduates’ experience of and views about their career development and progress. Background: The recruitment and retention of an adequate number of registered nurses is a continuing workforce issue in Singapore and other major cities. Design: Survey of recent nursing graduates. Methods: Recent nursing graduates from the Bachelor programme (n = 147) were sent an individual survey  a response rate of 54% was achieved. Results: Findings show that nurses rated their self-concept in a positive manner and were most satisfied (moderately to very) with helping patients and providing effective care, and the level of patient involvement. They were least satisfied (moderately to only a little) with prestige among the general medical community and the general public, hours of work, lifestyle factors and research opportunities. The following four factors were identified as significant impediments to career development  lack of support in the work place  perceived insufficient clinical career development opportunities  excessive work hours  and limited access to merit-based places in further education. Conclusions: Suggestions made to overcome perceived career development barriers are as follows: broad multifactorial healthcare system changes  decreased and more flexible working hours  and fairer access to further clinical and higher education. Relevance to clinical practice: Results highlight the value clinical nurses place on having access to career development opportunities, merit-based further education and work place supports. These factors also have the potential to influence patient care and impact on the retention of nurses in their present job and satisfaction with their nursing career. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Cleland, J., et al. (2007). A qualitative study of the attitudes of patients and staff to the use of mobile phone technology for recording and gathering asthma data."" Journal of Telemedicine and Telecare 13(2): 85-89."""	380	"Cleland, J., et al. (2007). """"A qualitative study of the attitudes of patients and staff to the use of mobile phone technology for recording and gathering asthma data."""" Journal of Telemedicine and Telecare 13(2): 85-89."""""	" Linking mobile phone technology with electronic data collection may facilitate the research experience and improve compliance. We conducted a qualitative interview study using a purposeful sample of 10 patients with asthma and two research staff. Patient diary information was collected twice a day using an electronic peak flow meter linked to a mobile phone with an interactive screen to record current asthma symptoms transmitted to, and stored in, a server. An analysis of the interview data identified key technological adjustments and support factors which would improve the application of the technology in future clinical trials. Patients and staff believed that mobile phone technology would be useful in clinical practice as well as research. Its main uses were seen as identifying poor control more quickly and facilitating communication with healthcare professionals without the need for face-to-face consultation. There was a high degree of acceptability to both patients and staff. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Clements, D. H. and J. Sarama (2016). Math, Science, and Technology in the Early Grades."" Future of Children 26(2): 75-94."""	381	"Clements, D. H. and J. Sarama (2016). """"Math, Science, and Technology in the Early Grades."""" Future of Children 26(2): 75-94."""""	" Do young children naturally develop the foundations of science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM)? And if so, should we build on these foundations by using STEM curricula in preschools? In this article, Douglas Clements and Julie Sarama argue that the answer to both these questions is yes. First, the authors show that young children possess a sophisticated informal knowledge of math, and that they frequently ask scientific questions, such as why questions. Preschoolers' free play involves substantial amounts of foundational math as they explore patterns, shapes, and spatial relations  compare magnitudes  and count objects. Moreover, preschool and kindergarten children's knowledge of and interest in math and science predicts later success in STEM. And not only in STEM: the authors show that early math knowledge also predicts later reading achievement-even better than early literacy skills do. Thus mathematical thinking, Clements and Sarama say, may be cognitively foundational. That is, the thinking and reasoning inherent in math may contribute broadly to cognitive development. Is teaching STEM subjects to preschool children effective? The authors review several successful programs. They emphasize that STEM learning for young children must encompass more than facts or simple skills  rather, the classroom should be infused with interesting, appropriate opportunities to engage in math and science. And instruction should follow research-based learning trajectories that include three components: a goal, a developmental progression, and instructional activities. Clements and Sarama also discuss barriers to STEM teaching in preschool, such as the cultural belief in the United States that math achievement largely depends on native aptitude or ability, and inadequate professional development for teachers."""
0	"Coad, J. and N. Coad (2008). Children and young people's preference of thematic design and colour for their hospital environment."" Journal of Child Health Care 12(1): 33-48."""	382	"Coad, J. and N. Coad (2008). """"Children and young people's preference of thematic design and colour for their hospital environment."""" Journal of Child Health Care 12(1): 33-48."""""	" In this innovative project, the views of children and young people were explored regarding their preference of thematic design and colour for their hospital environment in a new children's unit. The novelty of the approach was that it was driven by the preferred choices of children and young people through the use of 'child-friendly' interviews and questionnaires. Informing the study was the development of a group of children and young people who underwent research training, and with support, developed all data collection tools and helped to verify data analysis. A two-phased sequential study was undertaken. During phase 1, 40 interviews were performed with children and young people, including 10 with additional learning needs and physical disabilities while 140 questionnaires were analysed for phase 2 of the study. Notable issues emerged about preferred thematic designs of walls, doors and floors, while new findings were revealed regarding colour preferences for wards, entrances and outpatient areas. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Coady, C. and K. Nelson (2013). Extra-Curricular Undergraduate Research Training: Notes on the Pedagogical Practices behind the Sydney Undergraduate Journal of Musicology."" Journal of University Teaching and Learning Practice 10(2): 15."""	383	"Coady, C. and K. Nelson (2013). """"Extra-Curricular Undergraduate Research Training: Notes on the Pedagogical Practices behind the Sydney Undergraduate Journal of Musicology."""" Journal of University Teaching and Learning Practice 10(2): 15."""""	" Although there is a clear body of evidence supporting the idea that undergraduate students benefit from participation in original research projects, many units of study--particularly in the creative arts and humanities--have been slow to embrace curriculum renewal along these lines. In this paper, we detail a pragmatic approach to meeting this curriculum challenge in a music faculty through an extra-curricular initiative that embraces, rather than challenges organisational structures already in place. The writing workshop associated with the Sydney Undergraduate Journal of Musicology provides a pathway for students looking to develop papers they have written for class assignments into original research projects. The design of the workshop uses the Madeline Hunter Direct Instruction Model as a vehicle for introducing students to the central tenets of the Willison and O'Regan Research Skills Development Framework--an increasingly popular tool for the development of original research skills. The effect of the workshop on students' engagement with the requirements of original research and their eagerness to engage in original research projects is then explored through the presentation of data derived from a focus group comprised of workshop participants that took place one year later."""
0	"Coathup, V., et al. (2016). Using digital technologies to engage with medical research: views of myotonic dystrophy patients in Japan."" BMC Medical Ethics 17."""	384	"Coathup, V., et al. (2016). """"Using digital technologies to engage with medical research: views of myotonic dystrophy patients in Japan."""" BMC Medical Ethics 17."""""	" Background: As in other countries, the traditional doctor-patient relationship in the Japanese healthcare system has often been characterised as being of a paternalistic nature. However, in recent years there has been a gradual shift towards a more participatory-patient model in Japan. With advances in technology, the possibility to use digital technologies to improve patient interactions is growing and is in line with changing attitudes in the medical profession and society within Japan and elsewhere. The implementation of an online patient engagement platform is being considered by the Myotonic Dystrophy Registry of Japan. The aim of this exploratory study was to understand patients' views and attitudes to using digital tools in patient registries and engagement with medical research in Japan, prior to implementation of the digital platform. Methods: We conducted an exploratory, cross-sectional, self-completed questionnaire with a sample of myotonic dystrophy (MD) patients attending an Open Day at Osaka University, Japan. Patients were eligible for inclusion if they were 18 years or older, and were diagnosed with MD. Results: A total of 68 patients and family members attended the Open Day and were invited to participate in the survey. Of those, 59 % submitted a completed questionnaire (n = 40). The survey showed that the majority of patients felt that they were not receiving the information they wanted from their clinicians, which included recent medical research findings and opportunities to participate in clinical trials, and 88 % of patients indicated they would be willing to engage with digital technologies to receive relevant medical information. Patients also expressed an interest in having control over when and how they received this information, as well as being informed of how their data is used and shared with other researchers. Conclusion: Overall, the findings from this study suggest that there is scope to develop a digital platform to engage with patients so that they can receive information about medical care and research opportunities. While this study group is a small, self-selecting population, who suffer from a particular condition, the results suggest that there are interested populations within Japan that would appreciate enhanced communication and interaction with healthcare teams."""
0	"Cofré, H., et al. (2015). Science Teacher Education in South America: The Case of Argentina, Colombia and Chile."" Journal of Science Teacher Education 26(1): 45-63."""	385	"Cofré, H., et al. (2015). """"Science Teacher Education in South America: The Case of Argentina, Colombia and Chile."""" Journal of Science Teacher Education 26(1): 45-63."""""	" In this review, the main characteristics of science teacher education in three countries in South America, namely Argentina, Chile and Colombia, are examined. Although reforms toward constructivist and inquiry-based teaching in science instruction have been made in each of the three reviewed countries, each country demonstrates limitations in the implementation of teacher education that aims at those objectives. None of these countries have rigorous selection criteria for candidates for science teacher education programs, although each has some type of certification or test requirement before entry into the public education system is permitted. The three countries have similar teacher training programs, with instruction programs lasting between 4 and 5 years  programs entail both disciplinary instruction and pedagogical instruction that starts in the first year. Data from the three countries show that a high percentage of instruction in the training programs is devoted to general pedagogy with less instruction time devoted to specific preparation for teaching science. Disciplinary instruction accounts for nearly 50% of the instruction program among secondary teachers. Training in other subjects such as nature of science, history of science and scientific inquiry is poorly developed. In general, there are few opportunities for research on practicum, as these opportunities tend to occur at the end of the training program. The generation of instruction standards by governments as well as the increase in the number of scholars dedicated to the investigation of science education and the education of science teachers suggests that some of these shortcomings could be remedied in the future."""
0	"Cogbill, T. H. and B. T. Jarman (2009). Rural General Surgery Training: The Gundersen Lutheran Approach."" Surgical Clinics of North America 89(6): 1309-+."""	386	"Cogbill, T. H. and B. T. Jarman (2009). """"Rural General Surgery Training: The Gundersen Lutheran Approach."""" Surgical Clinics of North America 89(6): 1309-+."""""	" This article outlines the approach taken at Gundersen Lutheran Medical Foundation to prepare general surgery residents for rural general surgery practice. The methods focus on strong core training in general and minimally invasive surgery, additional technical skill sets, rural surgery electives, outcomes-based research experience, practice management education, and maintenance of relationships with graduates after residency."""
0	"Cohen, F. P. A., et al. (2016). Seahorse Aquaculture, Biology and Conservation: Knowledge Gaps and Research Opportunities."" Reviews in Fisheries Science & Aquaculture 25(1): 100-111."""	387	"Cohen, F. P. A., et al. (2016). """"Seahorse Aquaculture, Biology and Conservation: Knowledge Gaps and Research Opportunities."""" Reviews in Fisheries Science & Aquaculture 25(1): 100-111."""""	" Seahorses are currently experiencing an unprecedented level of anthropogenic pressure promoted by habitat destruction and increasing fishing effort to supply premium markets. This study provides an overview of the scientific literature on seahorses in the 21st century and critically discusses five major knowledge gaps and research opportunities to advance the state of the art on this research field. The average number of publications per year increased from 10 (2001-2002) to similar to 40 (2001-2015), the majority addressing issues on seahorse ecology, biology, and aquaculture, with the most studied species being Hippocampus kuda, H. guttulatus, H. reidi, H. abdominalis, H. erectus, H. hippocampus, and H. trimaculatus. This study explores the opportunity of using seahorses as flagship species to foster mangrove conservation and decrease trawling fisheries. It also suggests that further scientific studies are needed to better understand and manage the populations of the most heavily traded seahorse species, as well as the need to monitor their vulnerability to emerging pollutants and climate change. Sustainable seahorse aquaculture can play an important role in seahorse conservation, as well as in the development of reliable traceability tools to fight the illegal trade of these highly priced organisms."""
1	"Coles, J. S. and K. L. Mapp (2016). Conducting Reflective, Hands-On Research with Advanced Characterization Instruments: A High-Level Undergraduate Practical Exploring Solid-State Polymorphism."" Journal of Chemical Education 93(1): 131-140."""	388	"Coles, J. S. and K. L. Mapp (2016). """"Conducting Reflective, Hands-On Research with Advanced Characterization Instruments: A High-Level Undergraduate Practical Exploring Solid-State Polymorphism."""" Journal of Chemical Education 93(1): 131-140."""""	" An undergraduate practical exercise has been designed to provide hands-on, instrument-based experience of advanced characterization techniques. A research experience approach is taken, centered around the concept of solid-state polymorphism, which requires a detailed knowledge of molecular and crystal structure to be gained by advanced analytical techniques normally considered as the preserve of a research facility. Powder and single crystal diffraction techniques are primarily required and implemented via the unique approach of the students themselves using benchtop instruments dedicated to teaching, as opposed to more complex and difficult to access research instruments. Furthermore, the manual instructions for performing the practical are delivered via an adapted Electronic Laboratory Notebook system where, for each specific aspect of the practical, students note their intentions, actions, observations, and inferences. Assessors can access the notebooks and provide targeted online feedback for each individual section. Evaluation of the approach is based on interviews and surveys with the first cohort of 65 students that performed the practical."""
0	"Colley, D. G. and W. E. Secor (2007). A Schistosomiasis Research Agenda."" Plos Neglected Tropical Diseases 1(3)."""	389	"Colley, D. G. and W. E. Secor (2007). """"A Schistosomiasis Research Agenda."""" Plos Neglected Tropical Diseases 1(3)."""""	" There is a long and rich history of research and control in the field of schistosomiasis that has resulted in major scientific and public health accomplishments. Examples of such findings and accomplishments include immunologic regulation in chronic infections [1], the association of helminth infections with Th1-regulating Th2-type immune responses [2], the critical role of interleukin-13 in fibrogenesis [3], and the development and validation of the ""dose pole'' for determining praziquantel dosages in the field [4,5]. Perhaps in part because of this broad and successful history, those who work on schistosomiasis come from a wide variety of backgrounds and interests. While such variety is enriching to the field, it sometimes results in diverse opinions about which of the many research opportunities should be pursued. Such diversity, we believe, has at times led to a divisiveness that has harmed overall progress in the field. Partly in response to such events, we have worked with as many of those interested in schistosomiasis as we could identify to develop what we feel is a comprehensive and cohesive agenda for schistosomiasis research (Image 1)."""""
0	"Colli, A. and G. Spadaro (2016). Star bene per far star bene la Terra."" Rendiconti Online Societa Geologica Italiana 40: 14-17."""	390	"Colli, A. and G. Spadaro (2016). """"Star bene per far star bene la Terra."""" Rendiconti Online Societa Geologica Italiana 40: 14-17."""""	" Since the 1980s scientists have changed their approach to natural phenomena and to Earth Sciences' subiects from a linear logic, based on Aristotelian-Galilean paradigms, to a systems theory, which is associated with the complexity theory. With the new generations of ""digital natives"""" we need to overcome the tradition way of teaching. We should be aware that our students may use their brain in different ways and have a range of learning styles: by using a variety of activities and assignments we can appeal to this diversity. The projects of CREA (Reference Centre for Environmental Education) adopt the Inquiry-based learning methodology. Students calculate the carbon, ecological and water footprints of their diet in order to decrease them for a healthier life style. They use an excel spreadsheet or the game """"My pyramid"""": they suggest how to improve the game or the spreadsheet. The involvement of students in posing and resolving problems related to daily life allows them to make connections between abstract notions and practical skills usable to address environmental issues."""""
1	"Collins, N., et al. (2010). Perceptions of the value of undergraduate research: A pilot qualitative study of human sciences graduates."" Family and Consumer Sciences Research Journal 38(3): 303-316."""	391	"Collins, N., et al. (2010). """"Perceptions of the value of undergraduate research: A pilot qualitative study of human sciences graduates."""" Family and Consumer Sciences Research Journal 38(3): 303-316."""""	" The purpose of this study was to assess the value of research from the perspective of alumni who completed an undergraduate research (UGR) project in family and consumer sciences. The sample included 16 participants from three institutions with similar missions but different structures. The interviewees’ responses were coded by the authors to develop an initial set of descriptors. The text was also coded using Ethnograph version 6.0. The findings revealed many more positive than negative responses in regard to attitudes, research skills, professionalism, value of the project to their current job, relationship with their undergraduate mentor, presentation of the research project, and suggestions for improvement. The most positive responses were in the categories of research skills attributed to the UGR (89%), value of the project to their job (87%), and faculty mentorship (81%). Overall, these findings support the benefits of UGR and the investment of university resources for research projects with faculty members for undergraduate students. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Connelly, E. N., et al. (2010). The Vanguard Faculty program: Research training for complementary and alternative medicine faculty."" The Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine 16(10): 1117-1123."""	392	"Connelly, E. N., et al. (2010). """"The Vanguard Faculty program: Research training for complementary and alternative medicine faculty."""" The Journal of Alternative and Complementary Medicine 16(10): 1117-1123."""""	" Background: The increasing use of complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) treatment is paralleled by a growing demand for an evidence-based approach to CAM practice. In 2007, the Helfgott Research Institute at the National College of Natural Medicine (NCNM), in partnership with Oregon Health & Science University (OHSU), both in Portland, OR, began a National Institutes of Health–funded initiative to increase the quality and quantity of evidence-based medicine (EBM) content in the curricula at NCNM. Design: One key strategy of the Research in Complementary and Alternative Medicine Program (R-CAMP) initiative was to create a faculty development program that included four components: intensive training in EBM  professional skills enhancement  peer and mentored support  and, ultimately, utilization of these skills to incorporate EBM into the curricula. This initiative is centered on a core group of faculty at NCNM, called the Vanguard Faculty, who receives early, intensive training in EBM and works to incorporate this training into classes. Training consists of an intensive, week-long course, monthly group meetings, and periodic individualized meetings. Vanguard Faculty members also receive mentorship and access to resources to pursue individualized faculty development, research or scholarly activities. Conclusions: Early evaluations indicate that this effort has been successful in increasing EBM content in the curricula at NCNM. This article describes the Vanguard Faculty program in an effort to share the successes and challenges of implementing a wide-ranging faculty development and curricular initiative at a complementary and alternative medicine institution. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Connors, M. M. and B. Perkins (2009). The Nature of Science Education."" Democracy & Education 18(3): 56-60."""	393	"Connors, M. M. and B. Perkins (2009). """"The Nature of Science Education."""" Democracy & Education 18(3): 56-60."""""	" A number of studies have shown that spending time in nature produces cognitive benefits. What if a child's exposure to the out-of-doors is considered not just a beneficial extracurricular activity, but a fundamental building block to an elementary education in math and science? The Young Achievers Science and Math Pilot School operates a 9:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. school day that integrates regular classes with recreation, tutoring, and community service in a seamless way. Ninety percent of the school's 350 kindergarten through eighth-grade students come from five Boston neighborhoods--Dorchester, Roxbury, Mattapan, Hyde Park, and Jamaica Plain. The school's mission combines social justice and inquiry-based learning to achieve its goal of achievement for all students. There are three components to this mission: (1) A ""democratic process that relies on active partnerships with families, students, community members, and institutions"" "" (2) A collective commitment to """"social justice"""" through academic excellence for the diverse student body"" "" and (3) """"Critical thinking,"""" intellectual curiosity, community involvement, and responsible leadership. The school faculty have found that teaching the sciences through real-world experiences using nature can accomplish three goals: (1) Generate a love of science through exploration, discovery, and immersion in inquiry learning""  (2) Improve standardized test scores and other academic skills by aligning an experience-based science curriculum with the kinds of questions and intellectual strategies found on state-wide standardized exams and grade-level core subject math and science material  and (3) Integrate a concept of wellness into academic studies through kinesthetic learning. (Contains 1 note.)"""
0	"Constantin, A. and M. Voicu (2015). Attitudes towards gender roles in cross-cultural surveys: Content validity and cross-cultural measurement invariance."" Social Indicators Research 123(3): 733-751."""	394	"Constantin, A. and M. Voicu (2015). """"Attitudes towards gender roles in cross-cultural surveys: Content validity and cross-cultural measurement invariance."""" Social Indicators Research 123(3): 733-751."""""	" Measuring attitudes towards gender roles in comparative research is a challenging task. This paper aims at assessing the content validity and cross-cultural measurement invariance of the scales measuring attitudes towards gender roles in two large-scale comparative surveys, the International Social Survey Program 2002 and the World Values Survey 2005. The two scales are widely used in cross-cultural studies, they complement each other in measuring the complex concept of attitudes towards gender roles, and they cover an extensive number of European and non-European countries, allowing for the assessment of measurement invariance in different cultural settings. We assess the content by confronting the items included in the two surveys with the theoretical definitions employed by the literature, and we test for the cross-cultural measurement invariance by multigroup confirmatory factor analysis. According to our results, these scales are only partially valid in measuring the complex concept of attitudes towards gender roles. Moreover, the two scales are configural and metric invariant in all countries included in our analysis, but they are not scalar invariant. The two scales are suitable for testing relations between attitudes towards gender roles and other theoretically relevant concepts, but they are not useful for comparing the level of support for gender equality across countries. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Contento, I. R., et al. (2007). Enhancing personal agency and competence in eating and moving: Formative evaluation of a middle school curriculum - Choice, control, and change."" Journal of Nutrition Education and Behavior 39(5): S179-S186."""	395	"Contento, I. R., et al. (2007). """"Enhancing personal agency and competence in eating and moving: Formative evaluation of a middle school curriculum - Choice, control, and change."""" Journal of Nutrition Education and Behavior 39(5): S179-S186."""""	" The purpose of this formative evaluation was to examine the impact of an innovative inquiry-based science education curriculum for middle school students, called Choice, Control, and Change, that is designed to foster healthful eating and physical activity and a healthy weight through enhancing agency and competence. The 24-session curriculum helps students develop understandings about the interactions between biology, personal behavior, and the environment and personal agency through cognitive self-regulation skills in navigating today's complex food system and sedentary environment. An extended theory of planned behavior served as the design framework. The study used a pretest-posttest evaluation design involving 278 middle school students in 19 science classes within 5 schools. Based on paired t tests, students significantly improved on several curriculum-specific eating and physical activity behaviors: they decreased several sedentary activities and increased their frequencies of fruit and vegetable intake. They decreased the frequency of sweetened beverages, packaged snacks, and eating at a fast-food restaurant, and are and drank smaller portions of some items. Their outcome beliefs and overall self-efficacy, but not their attitudes, became more positive. A strategy based on fostering personal agency, cognitive self-regulation, and competence can be effective in increasing healthful eating and physical activity behaviors in middle school children and should be explored further."""
1	"Cook, A. L., et al. (2015). Self-Reported Student Confidence in Troubleshooting Ability Increases after Completion of an Inquiry-Based PCR Practical."" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 43(5): 316-323."""	396	"Cook, A. L., et al. (2015). """"Self-Reported Student Confidence in Troubleshooting Ability Increases after Completion of an Inquiry-Based PCR Practical."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 43(5): 316-323."""""	" Inquiry-based learning (IBL) activities are complementary to the processes of laboratory discovery, as both are focused on producing new findings through research and inquiry. Here, we describe the results of student surveys taken pre- and postpractical to an IBL undergraduate practical on PCR. Our analysis focuses primarily student perceptions of knowledge acquisition and their ability to troubleshoot problems. The survey results demonstrate significant self-reported gains in knowledge related to DNA structure and PCR, and an increase in confidence with ""troubleshooting problems during scientific experiments."""" We conclude that the IBL-based approach that combines PCR primer design with wet laboratory experimentation using student-designed primers, provides students a sense of confidence by imparting workplace and research skills that are integral to diverse forms and applications of laboratory practices."""""
0.5	"Cook, S. A., et al. (2017). To each their own: Students asking questions through individualized projects."" PRIMUS: Problems, Resources, and Issues in Mathematics Undergraduate Studies 27(2): 235-257."""	397	"Cook, S. A., et al. (2017). """"To each their own: Students asking questions through individualized projects."""" PRIMUS: Problems, Resources, and Issues in Mathematics Undergraduate Studies 27(2): 235-257."""""	" As mathematics educators we want our students to develop a natural curiosity that will lead them on the path toward solving problems in a changing world, in fields that perhaps do not even exist today. Here we present student projects, adaptable for several mid- and upper-level mathematics courses, that require students to formulate their own questions and to begin to develop the basic research skills needed to answer these questions. These projects, where each student is given an individualized object to study, allow students to take ownership over their own learning while introducing them to the joy and challenge of discovery and research. Each student is directed to use the concepts and techniques presented in class as a set of tools to guide the investigation of their object. We discuss our experiences–both positive and negative–with these inquiry-based projects. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Cooke, J., et al. (2008). An evaluation of the 'Designated Research Team' approach to building research capacity in primary care."" Bmc Family Practice 9."""	399	"Cooke, J., et al. (2008). """"An evaluation of the 'Designated Research Team' approach to building research capacity in primary care."""" Bmc Family Practice 9."""""	" Background: This paper describes an evaluation of an initiative to increase the research capability of clinical groups in primary and community care settings in a region of the United Kingdom. The 'designated research team' (DRT) approach was evaluated using indicators derived from a framework of six principles for research capacity building (RCB) which include: building skills and confidence, relevance to practice, dissemination, linkages and collaborations, sustainability and infrastructure development. Methods: Information was collated on the context, activities, experiences, outputs and impacts of six clinical research teams supported by Trent Research Development Support Unit (RDSU) as DRTs. Process and outcome data from each of the teams was used to evaluate the extent to which the DRT approach was effective in building research capacity in each of the six principles (as evidenced by twenty possible indicators of research capacity development). Results: The DRT approach was found to be well aligned to the principles of RCB and generally effective in developing research capabilities. It proved particularly effective in developing linkages, collaborations and skills. Where research capacity was slow to develop, this was reflected in poor alignment between the principles of RCB and the characteristics of the team, their activities or environment. One team was unable to develop a research project and the funding was withdrawn at an early stage. For at least one individual in each of the remaining five teams, research activity was sustained beyond the funding period through research partnerships and funding successes. An enabling infrastructure, including being freed from clinical duties to undertake research, and support from senior management were found to be important determinants of successful DRT development. Research questions of DRTs were derived from practice issues and several projects generated outputs with potential to change daily practice, including the use of research evidence in practice and in planning service changes. Conclusion: The DRT approach was effective at RCB in teams situated in a supportive organisation and in particular, where team members could be freed from clinical duties and management backing was strong. The developmental stage of the team and the research experience of constituent members also appeared to influence success. The six principles of RCB were shown to be useful as a framework for both developing and evaluating RCB initiatives."""
0	"Cooke, J., et al. (2008). Research use and support needs, and research activity in social care: A cross-sectional survey in two councils with social services responsibilities in the UK."" Health & Social Care in the Community 16(5): 538-547."""	398	"Cooke, J., et al. (2008). """"Research use and support needs, and research activity in social care: A cross-sectional survey in two councils with social services responsibilities in the UK."""" Health & Social Care in the Community 16(5): 538-547."""""	" The purpose of this study was to investigate the level of research activity, research use, research interests and research skills in the social care workforce in two UK councils with social service responsibilities (CSSRs). A cross-sectional survey was conducted of the social care workforce in two CSSRs (n = 1512) in 2005. The sample was identified in partnership with the councils, and included employees with professional qualifications (social workers and occupational therapists)  staff who have a role to assess, plan and monitor care  service managers  commissioners of services  and those involved with social care policy, information management and training. The survey achieved a response rate of 24% (n = 368). The Internet was reported as an effective source of research information  conversely, research-based guidelines were reported to have a low impact on practice. Significant differences were found in research use, by work location, and postgraduate training. Most respondents saw research as useful for practice (69%), and wanted to collaborate in research (68%), but only 11% were planning to do research within the next 12 months. Having a master's degree was associated with a greater desire to lead or collaborate in research. A range of research training needs, and the preferred modes of delivery were identified. Support to increase research activity includes protected time and mentorship. The study concludes that a range of mechanisms to make research available for the social care workforce needs to be in place to support evidence-informed practice. Continual professional development to a postgraduate level supports the use and production of evidence in the social care workforce, and promotes the development of a research culture. The term research is used to include service user consultations, needs assessment and service evaluation. The findings highlight a relatively large body of the social care workforce willing to collaborate and conduct research. Councils and research support systems need to be developed to utilize this relatively untapped potential. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Copeland, T. J. and H. J. F. Dengah (2016). ""Involve me and I learn"": Teaching and applying anthropology."" Annals of Anthropological Practice 40(2): 120-133."""	400	"Copeland, T. J. and H. J. F. Dengah (2016). """"""""Involve me and I learn"""": Teaching and applying anthropology."""" Annals of Anthropological Practice 40(2): 120-133."""""	" The role of anthropology to inform and shape public discourse has never been more necessary. Yet, the discipline struggles, at times, to remain relevant and accessible to students. It is increasingly important to provide students with skills that are useful outside academia. The ability to make the anthropological research process accessible is a critical determinate of the future of our discipline. This introduction situates the articles of this issue in a discussion of mentorship and hands-on training for students. Drawing on discussions within anthropology, social sciences, and education, it addresses the importance of training undergraduate and graduate students in methods that connect professional and community needs. Examples of engaging students and communities with ""hands-on"""" anthropological experiences are highlighted within diverse themes including health, community, gender, volunteer tourism, online virtual worlds, and technology, serving as frameworks for extending and connecting research with students, faculty, and community members."""""
1	"Copenheaver, C. A., et al. (2016). Technical Publications as Graduate Class Projects: Advantages and Potential Disadvantages."" Innovative Higher Education 41(1): 19-31."""	401	"Copenheaver, C. A., et al. (2016). """"Technical Publications as Graduate Class Projects: Advantages and Potential Disadvantages."""" Innovative Higher Education 41(1): 19-31."""""	" Graduate students are rewarded with better job opportunities if they can demonstrate a productive publishing record. In this article we report on a writing program that generated technical publications in a discipline-based graduate class. Seventeen student authors were interviewed about the influence of the experience on their professional development. For many students the most powerful experience was working as a member of a research team. Master's students benefited from being able to transfer research experience into their thesis programs. Doctoral students stretched the definitions of their disciplines and learned new research methods. One cost of the research project was that less discipline-specific content was covered in the course. Overall, students improved soft skills through participation in the project."""
0	"Cordingley, P. (2015). The Contribution of Research to Teachers' Professional Learning and Development."" Oxford Review of Education 41(2): 234-252."""	402	"Cordingley, P. (2015). """"The Contribution of Research to Teachers' Professional Learning and Development."""" Oxford Review of Education 41(2): 234-252."""""	" This paper summarises findings from several systematic research reviews about the contribution of research to effective continuing professional development and learning (CPDL) activities and their impact on pupils and teachers. It starts with a review of how teachers engage in and with research as part of CPDL, how teachers and researchers shape professional learning activities and identifies key processes linked to positive outcomes. Finally it explores how different research contributions can be developed to make a more visible contribution to CPDL.The paper highlights common characteristics of effective CPDL, including: sustained collaboration with professional colleagues, including both making use of specialist expertise and structured peer support for embedding specialist contributions  an understanding of and commitment to professional learning, including enquiry-oriented learning and learning to learn from looking  a focus on refining teaching and learning, working towards aspirations for specific pupils side by side with theory  and effective scaffolding and modelling of learning by both teachers and leaders for colleagues and for pupils. The key implications of these findings are explored in the conclusions and include the importance of conceptualising researchers' contributions to CPDL as specialist expertise and/or researchers and Masters tutors harnessing the potential of peer support between teachers. They also explore overlaps between core research and teaching skills and the need for a shared language between teachers and researchers to enable concepts like analysis, theory and criticality to be valued as practical tools for enhancing professional practice."""
0	"Cords, N., et al. (2012). Teaching Optics with an Intra-Curricular Kit Designed for Inquiry-Based Learning."" Physics Education 47(1): 69-72."""	403	"Cords, N., et al. (2012). """"Teaching Optics with an Intra-Curricular Kit Designed for Inquiry-Based Learning."""" Physics Education 47(1): 69-72."""""	" In order to increase scientific literacy and the knowledge of science and technology of Europe's citizens, the European Commission suggests a more student-centred implementation of natural sciences in education systems. Inquiry-based learning (IBL) is not only an accepted method to promote students' interest and motivation, it also helps students learn the scientific method and fosters their research skills. However, IBL is rarely used in European classrooms. The main reason is that due to the strict curricula teachers do not have the time for preparation and they do not feel well equipped and trained in the use of IBL methods in class. The Photonics Explorer programme addresses these problems on the European level. Within the programme, a pan-European collaboration of professors, teachers and photonics experts have developed the Photonics Explorer kit for the teaching of optics and light-related topics in physics across various European secondary school curricula. It is designed for intra-curricular use and contains specially designed, hands-on experimental components, worksheets based on guided IBL and multimedia material. Additionally, the kit provides a teacher guide with a suggested lesson outline and sufficient background information for each topic. (Contains 3 figures.)"""
0	"Cornfield, D. N., et al. (2013). Creation and retention of the next generation of physician-scientists for child health research."" JAMA: Journal of the American Medical Association 309(17): 1781-1782."""	404	"Cornfield, D. N., et al. (2013). """"Creation and retention of the next generation of physician-scientists for child health research."""" JAMA: Journal of the American Medical Association 309(17): 1781-1782."""""	" Academic pediatrics is motivated by a vision wherein the children of tomorrow are healthier than those of today. The physician-scientist is uniquely well positioned to create and translate discoveries into care. Over the last 30 years, proportionately fewer physician- scientists capable of sustaining a research program have committed to a hypothesis-driven research career focused on child-health issues. Since the 1980s, the percentage of physicians dedicating significant components of a professional life to research has declined from approximately 5% to 1.5%.1 Pediatrics may be more affected than other medical specialties. Despite more trainees, the population of physician-scientists is aging and the absolute number is declining. Decreasing resources for research compromises the research pipeline. Federal and foundation dollars are increasingly constrained. The difficulty in acquiring extramural funds is most palpable for early-career investigators, whose careers are further jeopardized by the instability of funding for their mentors and senior colleagues. A risk-laden research-based career contrasts with the relative safety of a primarily clinical career. Aspiring physician-scientists are generally at a disadvantage when competing with PhD scientists for grant funding. A research trainee with an MD degree has just 2 years of incompletely protected research training during fellowship. The high percentage of women in pediatrics is arguably the most distinctive factor in developing the next generation of physician-scientists. To develop physician-scientists, it is imperative that departments, children's hospitals, and medical schools explicitly acknowledge the importance of physicians with fluency in the language of discovery and the capacity to translate discoveries into clinical medicine. Development of the pediatric physician-scientist pathway can be facilitated by relatively straight forward and resource-efficient investments. Motivating even this relatively modest investment demands explicit acknowledgment of the value of the clinician scientist. Children will be well served when more children's hospitals and pediatric departmental resources are focused on creation, retention, and promotion of the engine that has powered their growth and increasing prominence—ie, physician-scientists creating and translating knowledge into care. Without such recognition and resolve, pediatrics as a discipline may be unable to meet its collective obligation to the next generations. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Corprew, C. S., III and M. Cunningham (2012). Educating tomorrow’s men: Perceived school support, negative youth experiences, and bravado attitudes in African American adolescent males."" Education and Urban Society 44(5): 571-589."""	405	"Corprew, C. S., III and M. Cunningham (2012). """"Educating tomorrow’s men: Perceived school support, negative youth experiences, and bravado attitudes in African American adolescent males."""" Education and Urban Society 44(5): 571-589."""""	" The purpose of this study was to explore the association between negative youth experiences and bravado attitudes in African American urban males. In addition, an examination of positive factors, such as school social support, was examined to understand potential resilient pathways. Data were collected at two sites, a science and math center (n = 68) and an academy for academic achievement (n = 58). Using Spencer’s PVEST (2006) model as a framework, the study hypothesized that negative youth experiences would have a positive relation with bravado attitudes, but perceptions of school support would lessen this relationship. The Perceived School Support construct consisted of students’ perceptions of their teachers and administrators. The results partially confirmed the hypothesis. The results also highlight the importance of adolescent perceptions of support in the school context and how this perceived support may decrease bravado attitudes. Further explanation of study’s results, future research opportunities, and policy implications are explored. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Courter, J. R. (2012). Graduate students in conservation biology: Bridging the research-implementation gap."" Journal for Nature Conservation 20(1): 62-64."""	406	"Courter, J. R. (2012). """"Graduate students in conservation biology: Bridging the research-implementation gap."""" Journal for Nature Conservation 20(1): 62-64."""""	" There is a growing consensus that a gap exists between research conducted at academic institutions and information available to practitioners that implement research into conservation policy and practice. Here, I review common recommendations for bridging the Research-Implementation Gap in conservation biology, highlight the unique abilities of graduate students to contribute solutions to this problem, and propose ways research institutions and professionals can encourage graduate students to participate in this process. While some appropriately point out that the main purpose of graduate school is to focus on research, I argue that being exposed early to the broader issues of research and implementation enhances the graduate research experience, helps train students to become leaders in conservation science, and contributes both immediate and long-term solutions to the research-implementation problem. (C) 2011 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved."""
0	"Cova, M. I., et al. (2015). Industrial participatory action research, emergence of a research-knowledge democracy project with metal workers."" Action Research 13(3): 230-247."""	407	"Cova, M. I., et al. (2015). """"Industrial participatory action research, emergence of a research-knowledge democracy project with metal workers."""" Action Research 13(3): 230-247."""""	" Participatory action research has been used by Latin American social sciences researchers in order to deal with social and community problems to encourage social changes. Participatory action research experiences with industrial workers have been less visible. This paper focuses on workers’ research experience at state-owned Venezuelan metallurgical industries. The methodological approach is based on workers’ educational needs with participation in their own emancipation process. Workers and researchers share experiences, knowledge, and set the basis for increased democracy at industry through workshops, meetings, and other educational activities. These experiences allowed the emergence of an industrial participatory action research project that is being deepened through participatory appraisal and education research programs with readings, 'generating questions,' working roundtables, consensus and dissent, experience systematization, and a living language of participation to strengthen local and national education-research network with people, especially workers, increasing their voice through knowledge democracy and technology democracy which implies industrial democracy too. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Cowell, J. M. (2015). Framework for 21st-century school nursing practice: Implications for research."" The Journal of School Nursing 31(5): 316-317."""	408	"Cowell, J. M. (2015). """"Framework for 21st-century school nursing practice: Implications for research."""" The Journal of School Nursing 31(5): 316-317."""""	" This editorial discusses the framework for 21st century school nursing practices. The framework is based on five concepts including care coordination, leadership, public health, quality improvement, and standards of practice that support student health, safety, and readiness to learn. All of these concepts are framed in the context of evidence-based practice. The rationale of developing a new framework is to provide information that guides and explains what school nurses do. The framework will give school nurses a language that is understandable to their many constituents. The framework provides contemporary targets for research that contributes to the evidence base for practices. Leadership research has historically focused on characteristics of leaders and the influence of those characteristics on the initiatives launched. Quality improvement studies take multiple forms. The Quality and Safety Education for Nurses (QSEN) spells out competencies for nursing and underscores the importance of continuing education. The QSEN principles have been applied in school nursing in neurological management of children post-concussion. Quality improvement studies are dependent on the availability of data to provide program enhancements. Research opportunities abound in school nursing from evaluation studies to randomized clinical trials. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Cowell-Meyers, K., et al. (2015). So You Want to Create a Student Research Journal? How to Craft a Journal Based on Peer Learning."" Ps-Political Science & Politics 48(3): 492-496."""	409	"Cowell-Meyers, K., et al. (2015). """"So You Want to Create a Student Research Journal? How to Craft a Journal Based on Peer Learning."""" Ps-Political Science & Politics 48(3): 492-496."""""	" Although many university educators and administrators seek to promote student research, opportunities to do so often are rare or costly. This case study of the undergraduate academic journal Clocks&Clouds provides a clear model for reaping the rewards of this high-impact educational experience based on peer learning. The goal of this article is to institutionalize knowledge by reviewing Clocks&Clouds, American University's undergraduate research journal in political science, international relations, and public policy. Input from three successive teams of student leaders, as well as interviews with administrators and faculty members at American University, suggests a method for creating a journal and ""lessons learned"""" that can be applied at other institutions. The article builds on the research of Mariani et al. (2013), which considered various organizational strategies that political science departments use to structure undergraduate student publications. It highlights three facets of a model undergraduate journal in political science: organizational structures, peer-review process, and funding and resources. The purpose of this study was to encourage other undergraduate programs in political science to create student research publications and expand the reach of this high-impact educational practice."""""
0	"Cox, M. F. and A. Andriot (2009). Mentor and Undergraduate Student Comparisons of Students' Research Skills."" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 10(1): 9."""	410	"Cox, M. F. and A. Andriot (2009). """"Mentor and Undergraduate Student Comparisons of Students' Research Skills."""" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 10(1): 9."""""	" This paper introduces preliminary results that include both graduate mentor ratings and faculty mentor ratings of undergraduate students' self-reported assessments of their research experiences. In addition, researchers examined how these ratings differed under four circumstances: (1) the quality of the mentoring relationship, (2) the amount of mentor and student time spent together, (3) the frequency with which the student asked his/her mentor for help, and (4) the amount of control the faculty mentor had over student projects. Results show that students rate their own abilities and skills higher than do their faculty mentors. Authors also noted the greatest discrepancies between faculty and student ratings in situations where the mentoring relationship quality was high, the amount of time spent together was little, the students rarely went to the mentor for advice, and the faculty exerted little control over the student. Suggestions for additional studies exploring the impact of mentoring within undergraduate research are provided. (Contains 4 figures and 3 tables.)"""
0	"Coyle, C. T., et al. (2010). Inadequate preabortion counseling and decision conflict as predictors of subsequent relationship difficulties and psychological stress in men and women."" Traumatology 16(1): 16-30."""	411	"Coyle, C. T., et al. (2010). """"Inadequate preabortion counseling and decision conflict as predictors of subsequent relationship difficulties and psychological stress in men and women."""" Traumatology 16(1): 16-30."""""	" The purpose of this study was to examine associations between perceptions of preabortion counseling adequacy and partner congruence in abortion decisions and two sets of outcome variables involving relationship problems and individual psychological stress. Data were collected through online surveys from 374 women who had a prior abortion and 198 men whose partners had experienced elective abortion. For women, perceptions of preabortion counseling inadequacy predicted relationship problems, symptoms of intrusion, avoidance, and hyperarousal, and meeting full diagnostic criteria for posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) with controls for demographic and personal/situational variables used. For men, perceptions of inadequate counseling predicted relationship problems and symptoms of intrusion and avoidance with the same controls used. Incongruence in the decision to abort predicted intrusion and meeting diagnostic criteria for PTSD among women with controls used, whereas for men, decision incongruence predicted intrusion, hyperarousal, meeting diagnostic criteria for PTSD, and relationship problems. Findings suggest that both perceptions of inadequate preabortion counseling and incongruence in the abortion decision with one’s partner are related to adverse personal and interpersonal outcomes. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Crabtree, S. A. and R. Williams (2013). Ethical implications for research into inclusive education in Arab societies: Reflections on the politicization of the personalized research experience."" International Social Work 56(2): 148-161."""	412	"Crabtree, S. A. and R. Williams (2013). """"Ethical implications for research into inclusive education in Arab societies: Reflections on the politicization of the personalized research experience."""" International Social Work 56(2): 148-161."""""	" Inclusive education in the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) Arab societies is at a developmental stage with a paucity of research data recording this process. To clarify an obscure topic an online survey was conducted targeting 48 agencies in the GCC offering rehabilitation for children with disabilities and their families. Although the response rate was statistically disappointing, the outcome of the study nevertheless offers insights into the changing perceptions towards disability and education in Arab societies. However, crucially the study also generated an in-depth exploration of the ethical and geopolitical dimensions underpinning research initiatives in this region."""
0	"Crane, R. S., et al. (2013). Development and validation of the Mindfulness-Based Interventions—Teaching Assessment Criteria (MBI:TAC)."" Assessment 20(6): 681-688."""	413	"Crane, R. S., et al. (2013). """"Development and validation of the Mindfulness-Based Interventions—Teaching Assessment Criteria (MBI:TAC)."""" Assessment 20(6): 681-688."""""	" Background: The assessment of intervention integrity is essential in psychotherapeutic intervention outcome research and psychotherapist training. There has been little attention given to it in mindfulness-based interventions research, training programs, and practice. Aims: To address this, the Mindfulness-Based Interventions: Teaching Assessment Criteria (MBI:TAC) was developed. This article describes the MBI:TAC and its development and presents initial data on reliability and validity. Method. Sixteen assessors from three centers evaluated teaching integrity of 43 teachers using the MBI:TAC. Results: Internal consistency (α = .94) and interrater reliability (overall intraclass correlation coefficient = .81  range = .60-.81) were high. Face and content validity were established through the MBI:TAC development process. Data on construct validity were acceptable. Conclusions: Initial data indicate that the MBI:TAC is a reliable and valid tool. It can be used in Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction/Mindfulness-Based Cognitive Therapy outcome evaluation research, training and pragmatic practice settings, and in research to assess the impact of teaching integrity on participant outcome. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Craney, C., et al. (2011). Cross-Discipline Perceptions of the Undergraduate Research Experience."" Journal of Higher Education 82(1): 92-113."""	414	"Craney, C., et al. (2011). """"Cross-Discipline Perceptions of the Undergraduate Research Experience."""" Journal of Higher Education 82(1): 92-113."""""	" The interest in undergraduate research as a ""touchstone"""" for the integration of research and education has led to a large number of programs and models supported by a variety of public and private sources. Assessments have examined students' progress toward advanced degrees, clarification of career path decisions, understanding of research-associated skills or attitudes, and access to research. This study examines the benefits, outcomes, and goals for undergraduate research across disciplinary area, academic class standing, gender, ethnicity, and previous research experience. The study found consistent benefits but discipline- and ethnicity-dependent outcomes. The role of the mentor-protege relationship and the research projects' initiation both show disciplinary and ethnic group dependence. Research participation is associated with student achievement. (Contains 3 tables.)"""""
0	"Crawford, S. (2014). Review of Critical literacy in the early childhood classroom: Unpacking histories unlearning privilege."" Journal of Early Childhood Literacy 14(3): 430-432."""	415	"Crawford, S. (2014). """"Review of Critical literacy in the early childhood classroom: Unpacking histories unlearning privilege."""" Journal of Early Childhood Literacy 14(3): 430-432."""""	" Reviews the book, Critical Literacy in the Early Childhood Classroom: Unpacking Histories Unlearning Privilege by C. R. Kuby (2013). Candace Kuby’s brave, honest, reflective autoethnography captures the tensions of teacher-researchers living out critical literacy in the early childhood classroom. Kuby builds her research experience on Vivian Vasquez's (2004) notion that critical literacy must be lived. She consistently captures the tensions of living out this kind of teaching and learning throughout her text. Often, critical literacy is understood as productive when coupled with social action (i.e. a petition, a letter to an oppressive power, a group demonstration, a move towards political social change). Kuby helps her readers to re-imagine new possibilities for social change as she introduces personal ways of being and thinking as social change. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Creaner, M. (2014). Current trends in clinical supervision: Introduction to the special section."" Counselling Psychology Quarterly 27(4): 325-333."""	416	"Creaner, M. (2014). """"Current trends in clinical supervision: Introduction to the special section."""" Counselling Psychology Quarterly 27(4): 325-333."""""	" This editorial presents a brief introduction to the special section on the current trends in clinical supervision. Clinical supervision has been identified as a distinct competency and professional practice  a critical intervention in psychological therapy training, and in some countries a mandated professional requirement post-training for counselors and therapists. Furthermore, clinical supervision is acknowledged as a primary means to facilitate supervisors professional development and provides a gatekeeping role in the profession for client welfare and the protection of the public. Given the increased focus on clinical supervision over the last number of decades, in particular the focus on international perspectives on supervision taking a snapshot of the current trends seems appropriate at this time to review current interests, highlight the historical questions that remain unanswered, and in the service of seeking effective supervision, to identify future research opportunities. The aim of this special section, therefore, was to consider the current trends, namely the general direction of clinical supervision research and practice, as apparent in the field. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Creese, J. (2011). Self- and Cohort-Directed Design in Research Training Tutorials for Undergraduate Researchers: Increasing Ownership and Relevance to Improve Learning Outcomes."" Journal of Academic Librarianship 37(4): 327-332."""	417	"Creese, J. (2011). """"Self- and Cohort-Directed Design in Research Training Tutorials for Undergraduate Researchers: Increasing Ownership and Relevance to Improve Learning Outcomes."""" Journal of Academic Librarianship 37(4): 327-332."""""	" This paper describes and analyses a method of self- and cohort-directed design of research training tutorials for final-year research-oriented undergraduate students at the University of Queensland, Australia. The design methodology centered on a research skills self-assessment document used at the university, and utilized Personal Response System (PRS) technology to gather the cohort's design decisions. This paper examines the pedagogical framework for this instructional approach, analyses feedback on the students' experiences and performances, and outlines future further developments for this program. (Contains 1 figure.)"""
0	"Cremonini, L. and D. Antonowicz (2009). In the Eye of the Beholder? Conceptualizing Academic Attraction in the Global Higher Education Market."" European Education 41(2): 52-74."""	418	"Cremonini, L. and D. Antonowicz (2009). """"In the Eye of the Beholder? Conceptualizing Academic Attraction in the Global Higher Education Market."""" European Education 41(2): 52-74."""""	" Globalization steers modern society and contributes significantly to the internationalization of higher education. New means of transport and communication expand educational and research opportunities worldwide and higher education is becoming a blossoming global industry. It is also seen as a vital part of national policy and the national economy because in today's fiercely competitive world knowledge adds real value. In this environment, countries face a tough competition to be a magnet for world-class academics and the brightest students. In other words, they must make themselves academically attractive. Therefore this article tries to answer the question of what constitutes a country's ""academic attraction."""" We will conceptualize the phenomenon of academic attraction and identify different measures of capturing it. Finally, the paper will identify the best available indicators to assess academic attraction and apply them to selected European Union countries (the UK, Germany, France, Italy, and the Netherlands). (Contains 3 figures, 3 tables, and 11 notes.)"""""
0	"Creusen, M. E. H. (2011). Research Opportunities Related to Consumer Response to Product Design*."" Journal of Product Innovation Management 28(3): 405-408."""	419	"Creusen, M. E. H. (2011). """"Research Opportunities Related to Consumer Response to Product Design*."""" Journal of Product Innovation Management 28(3): 405-408."""""	" This essay identifies five research opportunities that concern consumer response to product design. The first opportunity involves the need for more research on the interaction between form and function in consumer product evaluations. To this end, more knowledge about how product appearance characteristics influence consumer evaluation of both product form and function, and how this differs between countries and in time, is needed. The second research opportunity concerns the influence of consumer input in the front end of new product development on product success. Although the positive effect of market information use on product success is known, more actionable insight into which consumer information or input is beneficial in which circumstances is largely missing. The third opportunity for research concerns how to include subjective product attributes in concept testing. Getting valid feedback from consumers, which includes functional as well as emotional and experiential aspects, can improve proficiency in the early stages of product development. In this essay, several ways of approaching this research endeavor are highlighted. Next to enhancing market receipt and the assessment of product design, two topics that concern consumer response to product design from a more managerial viewpoint are identified. The first of these is strategic management of product styling. The importance and opportunities of visual design for brand management has gained more attention in the literature  different strategies and the cases in which they are beneficial are issues for further research. And finally, the design of product service systems (PSSs) provides opportunities for future research. Here, engendering perceptual unity between products and services and an explicit managing of meanings and feelings that PSSs should communicate are issues at play."""
NaN		420	"Crick, R. D. (2009). """"Inquiry-Based Learning: Reconciling the Personal with the Public in a Democratic and Archaeological Pedagogy."""" Curriculum Journal 20(1): 73-92."""""	" This article describes and explores the key elements of an approach to personalised learning which is rooted in student experience and choice. It is shaped by the learner's interest, driven by her curiosity and purpose, yet is capable of supporting the delivery of the valued outcomes of a publicly accountable curriculum. It is an approach which enables a student to participate purposefully in the processes of learning, developing values, attitudes and dispositions for learning, while at the same time acquiring and managing specialist knowledge, skills and understanding in the service of a personally chosen outcome. The journey begins with a particular, concrete place or object, and moves through a developmental sequence of thinking and learning capabilities to a publicly evaluated outcome. It is a pedagogy which integrally supports citizenship education because it addresses questions of value and worth through the narratives uncovered in the world-as-it-is-experienced by the learner. It is an archaeological pedagogy in the sense that it begins with experience and observation, generates narratives and then reconstructs knowledge/s necessary to satisfy the original personally chosen quest, rather than beginning with pre-packaged conceptual expert knowledge. It creates a context for critical subjectivity and engagement with learning and with the world. It is a pedagogy which takes seriously the selfhood of the learner, and the formation of virtue in learning, while at the same time not abandoning the rigour of specialist knowledge in a particular field. (Contains 1 figure.)"""
0	"Crick, R. D. and H. Jelfs (2011). Spirituality, learning and personalisation: exploring the relationship between spiritual development and learning to learn in a faith-based secondary school."" International Journal of Childrens Spirituality 16(3): 197-217."""	421	"Crick, R. D. and H. Jelfs (2011). """"Spirituality, learning and personalisation: exploring the relationship between spiritual development and learning to learn in a faith-based secondary school."""" International Journal of Childrens Spirituality 16(3): 197-217."""""	" In this paper we explore the relationship between spirituality and learning how to learn in a faith-based secondary school. The development of a spiritually grounded pedagogy is a way of explicitly attending to spiritual development in teaching, learning and curriculum. The research described here comprises a personalised enquiry project in which students attend to four 'stations' in a learning journey  these focus on their identity and story, foster learning dispositions and values, develop their knowledge, skills and understanding, and engage them with issues which are meaningful in their world. Three teacher researchers in a Church of England school implemented this pedagogy with two year-8 English classes and one year-9 French class. The findings from a pre- and post-intervention self-report 'measure' of learning power are synthesised with student and teacher interviews to explore the contribution this pedagogical approach makes to students' spiritual development and learning."""
0	"Crocker, A. G., et al. (2015). Research Priorities in Mental Health, Justice, and Safety: A Multidisciplinary Stakeholder Report."" International Journal of Forensic Mental Health 14(3): 205-217."""	422	"Crocker, A. G., et al. (2015). """"Research Priorities in Mental Health, Justice, and Safety: A Multidisciplinary Stakeholder Report."""" International Journal of Forensic Mental Health 14(3): 205-217."""""	" This paper is based on the report following the National Research Agenda Meeting on Mental Health, Justice, and Safety held in Montreal on November 19, 2014, which convened academics  health, social, and legal professionals  and people with lived experience of mental illness from across Canada. The goal was to identify research priorities addressing relevant knowledge gaps and research strategies that can translate into public policy action and improvements in evidence-based services.Participants identified key challenges: (1) inadequate identification and response to needs by civil mental health services and frontline law enforcement, (2) limited specialized resources in forensic and correctional settings, (3) fragmented care and gaps between systems, (4) limited resources for adequate community reintegration, and (5) poor knowledge transfer strategies as obstacles to evidence-based policies. Knowledge gaps were identified in epidemiology and risk reduction, frontline training and programs, forensic and correctional practices, organizations and institutions, knowledge transfer, and rehabilitation. Finally, participants identified potential sources of support to conduct real time research with regard to data collection and sharing. The findings represent a roadmap for how forensic mental health systems can best proceed to address current challenges through research and practice initiatives, drawing from lived, clinical and research experiences of a multidisciplinary group of experts."""
1	"Crockett, E. T. (2014). A research education program model to prepare a highly qualified workforce in biomedical and health-related research and increase diversity."" Bmc Medical Education 14."""	423	"Crockett, E. T. (2014). """"A research education program model to prepare a highly qualified workforce in biomedical and health-related research and increase diversity."""" Bmc Medical Education 14."""""	" Background: The National Institutes of Health has recognized a compelling need to train highly qualified individuals and promote diversity in the biomedical/clinical sciences research workforce. In response, we have developed a research-training program known as REPID (Research Education Program to Increase Diversity among Health Researchers) to prepare students/learners to pursue research careers in these fields and address the lack of diversity and health disparities. By inclusion of students/learners from minority and diverse backgrounds, the REPID program aims to provide a research training and enrichment experience through team mentoring to inspire students/learners to pursue research careers in biomedical and health-related fields. Methods: Students/learners are recruited from the University campus from a diverse population of undergraduates, graduates, health professionals, and lifelong learners. Our recruits first enroll into an innovative on-line introductory course in Basics and Methods in Biomedical Research that uses a laboratory Tool-Kit (a lab in a box called the My Dr. ET Lab Tool-Kit) to receive the standard basics of research education, e.g., research skills, and lab techniques. The students/learners will also learn about the responsible conduct of research, research concept/design, data recording/analysis, and scientific writing/presentation. The course is followed by a 12-week hands-on research experience during the summer. The students/learners also attend workshops and seminars/conferences. The students/learners receive scholarship to cover stipends, research related expenses, and to attend a scientific conference. Results: The scholarship allows the students/learners to gain knowledge and seize opportunities in biomedical and health-related careers. This is an ongoing program, and during the first three years of the program, fifty-one (51) students/learners have been recruited. Thirty-six (36) have completed their research training, and eighty percent (80%) of them have continued their research experiences beyond the program. The combination of carefully providing standard basics of research education and mentorship has been successful and instrumental for training these students/learners and their success in finding biomedical/health-related jobs and/or pursuing graduate/medical studies. All experiences have been positive and highly promoted. Conclusions: This approach has the potential to train a highly qualified workforce, change lives, enhance biomedical research, and by extension, improve national health-care."""
0	"Crockett, M. D. and L. A. Buckley (2009). The Role of Coflection in Equity-Centered Mathematics Professional Development Practices."" Equity & Excellence in Education 42(2): 169-182."""	424	"Crockett, M. D. and L. A. Buckley (2009). """"The Role of Coflection in Equity-Centered Mathematics Professional Development Practices."""" Equity & Excellence in Education 42(2): 169-182."""""	" This article is about locating equity concerns ""within"""" epistemic processes in school mathematics professional development. The professional development literature indicates a focus on subject matter and pedagogical content knowledge without explicit attention to equity concerns as they arise in professional development practice. Though scholars have called attention to the professional learning needed for equity practice, the equity and professional development literatures do not directly inform each other. In professional development practice, teachers' assumptions underlying equity issues often remain unchallenged. We use the term """"coflection,"""" (Skovsmose & Valero, 2001), an epistemic, or knowledge-generating process, to capture the socially critical nature of the interactions among teachers within professional learning experiences that we believe are necessary for generating the kinds of knowledge teachers need to facilitate students' academic success. Using examples of practice from the literature and our own research experiences, we argue that coflection centers equity concerns within teachers' professional development practice. (Contains 1 table and 1 note.)"""""
0	"Croft, P. J. and J. Y. Ha (2014). THE UNDERGRADUATE ""CONSULTING CLASSROOM"" Field, Research, and Practicum Experiences."" Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society 95(10): 1603-1612."""	425	"Croft, P. J. and J. Y. Ha (2014). """"THE UNDERGRADUATE """"CONSULTING CLASSROOM"""" Field, Research, and Practicum Experiences."""" Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society 95(10): 1603-1612."""""	" The use of field, research, and practicum experiences in the atmospheric and related sciences within higher education's under-graduate curriculum is not new. However, how such experiences are employed and integrated according to pedagogical principles and methods while providing authentic research experiences to the students beyond the capstone are more critical questions. The framework of the Meteorological Instrumentation course offered at Kean University in the context of the environmental sciences demonstrates the integration of the theoretical principles of atmospheric and environmental sciences with application in the classroom through field, research, and practicum settings. The course is topically focused on an overarching research project posed as a current issue or problem to be resolved, and choreographed through creation and management of a consulting classroom that provides a professional setting for cross-training. This simulation of a consulting environment during the semester requires significant logistical planning as well as flexibility for adjustment of the course to be responsive to the students and their learning. The combined experiences provide authentic research and professional opportunities for students who may use content area from all of their science subject matter in an integrated and transdisciplinary manner. No formal assessment has been made as the methods and structures of the course have undergone iterative changes over time to develop and improve student learning outcomes. However, artifacts and anecdotal evidence over several course cycles suggest that students are achieving course learning objectives and effectively acquiring and improving their professional skill sets. The discussion presented herein offers a synthesis different from a capstone experience that is relevant to scientific communities, educators, and employers."""
0	"Cromer, L. D., et al. (2013). Who Says: ""No Fair!""? What Personality and an Experiment in Educational Value Tell Us about Perceptions of Costs and Benefits of Research Pool Requirements."" Journal of the Scholarship of Teaching and Learning 13(3): 134-155."""	426	"Cromer, L. D., et al. (2013). """"Who Says: """"No Fair!""""? What Personality and an Experiment in Educational Value Tell Us about Perceptions of Costs and Benefits of Research Pool Requirements."""" Journal of the Scholarship of Teaching and Learning 13(3): 134-155."""""	" Human subject pools (HSPs) are the basis for much psychological research. There is an explicit assumption that participants receive benefits from their participation, however there is little empirical research about the costs/benefits of participation. We conducted two studies with undergraduate psychology students to evaluate factors that can affect the cost/benefit ratio. Study 1 (N = 46) examined Big Five personality characteristics and number of psychology courses taken, in relation to perceived benefits. There were depreciating returns for on-going participation but no personality differences in ratings. Study 2 (N = 50) used a quasi-experimental design to manipulate educational value. Half of the participants completed an educational assignment that integrated their HSP research experience into course material. Students who completed the educational assignment had a strong sense of contributing to scientific knowledge whereas students who had no such assignment did not. Implications for increasing educational value in HSPs are discussed."""
0	"Crone, W. C., et al. (2011). Informal Science Education: A Practicum for Graduate Students."" Innovative Higher Education 36(5): 291-304."""	427	"Crone, W. C., et al. (2011). """"Informal Science Education: A Practicum for Graduate Students."""" Innovative Higher Education 36(5): 291-304."""""	" We present results from a course, ""Informal Science Education for Scientists: A Practicum,"""" co-taught to graduate students in STEM-related fields by a scientist/engineer and a social scientist/humanist. This course provides a structured framework and experiential learning about informal science education during a semester-long experience. The data collected across six years of the course (11 less than or equal to n less than or equal to 16 for each) provide strong evidence that the course has been effective in encouraging graduate students in STEM-related fields to feel more skilled at and confident with informal science education. Details are provided as to how manipulation of the course structure (i.e. making it project-based, emphasizing understanding audiences, stressing the iterative nature of design, and increasing evaluation research training) influenced the student outcomes."""""
0	"Crook, D. A., et al. (2015). Human effects on ecological connectivity in aquatic ecosystems: Integrating scientific approaches to support management and mitigation."" Science of the Total Environment 534: 52-64."""	428	"Crook, D. A., et al. (2015). """"Human effects on ecological connectivity in aquatic ecosystems: Integrating scientific approaches to support management and mitigation."""" Science of the Total Environment 534: 52-64."""""	" Understanding the drivers and implications of anthropogenic disturbance of ecological connectivity is a key concern for the conservation of biodiversity and ecosystem processes. Here, we review human activities that affect the movements and dispersal of aquatic organisms, including damming of rivers, river regulation, habitat loss and alteration, human-assisted dispersal of organisms and climate change. Using a series of case studies, we show that the insight needed to understand the nature and implications of connectivity, and to underpin conservation and management, is best achieved via data synthesis from multiple analytical approaches. We identify four key knowledge requirements for progressing our understanding of the effects of anthropogenic impacts on ecological connectivity: autecology  population structure  movement characteristics  and environmental tolerance/phenotypic plasticity. Structuring empirical research around these four broad data requirements, and using this information to parameterise appropriate models and develop management approaches, will allow for mitigation of the effects of anthropogenic disturbance on ecological connectivity in aquatic ecosystems. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
0	"Culiberg, B., et al. (2016). Examining the effects of utilities and involvement on intentions to engage in digital piracy."" Computers in Human Behavior 61: 146-154."""	429	"Culiberg, B., et al. (2016). """"Examining the effects of utilities and involvement on intentions to engage in digital piracy."""" Computers in Human Behavior 61: 146-154."""""	" Reflecting scholars' growing interest in the utilitarian aspects of consumer digital piracy, this research examines two types of utilities associated with obtaining digital files (i.e. the utility of downloading pirated files and of purchasing copyrighted files) as factors driving consumer intentions to download pirated files. Moreover, we extend the findings of previous studies by including film/music involvement as a moderator between those utilities and intentions. The conceptual model was tested on a sample of 943 adult consumers. The results of our study confirm that the utility of purchasing copyrighted files has a negative influence on the intention to download pirated files, while the influence of the utility of downloading copyrighted files is positive. The moderating effect of film/music involvement was only found to be significant for the relationship between the utility of downloading pirated files and intentions. Based on these findings, implications for the affected industries are discussed, as well as future research opportunities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Cumming, J. (2010). Contextualised performance: reframing the skills debate in research education."" Studies in Higher Education 35(4): 405-419."""	430	"Cumming, J. (2010). """"Contextualised performance: reframing the skills debate in research education."""" Studies in Higher Education 35(4): 405-419."""""	" In Australia, as in the UK, much of the skills debate in research education has reflected a deficit model, whereby candidates are deemed to be in need of supplementary training. In response to the demands of employers and governments, most universities have added employability skills to postgraduate curricula, while simultaneously boosting their efforts in relation to the enhancement of academic skills. Using an analysis of three conceptual frameworks identified in the literature, this article endeavours to reframe the skills debate by developing the concept of 'contextualised performance'. A key characteristic of this relational construct is the enactment of skills in a variety of authentic settings and challenging circumstances. The article concludes by establishing links with literature on curriculum and pedagogy, with a view to enriching discussion around what it means to assess the capability of graduates."""
0	"Cumming, T. M., et al. (2014). Mobile technology in inclusive research: Tools of empowerment."" Disability & Society 29(7): 999-1012."""	431	"Cumming, T. M., et al. (2014). """"Mobile technology in inclusive research: Tools of empowerment."""" Disability & Society 29(7): 999-1012."""""	" Inclusive research is an accepted approach when conducting research about individuals with disabilities. No studies have been published to date on using mobile technology to support people with intellectual disabilities as researchers. An inclusive research team of researchers with intellectual disabilities and academic researchers used mobile technology to support research skill acquisition. They conducted 15 joint research training sessions, followed by 10 research meetings. In order to discuss the experience of using iPads to support researchers with intellectual disabilities, the authors used a multiple-case study approach. Findings included the challenges and successes of mobile technology implementation. In conclusion, the iPads enhanced participation opportunities for the researchers with intellectual disabilities not only in the research, but also in other areas of their lives. This also brought to light the vulnerability of women with intellectual disabilities and the lack of control they often experience in their lives. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Cunningham, C. J. L. (2010). You lost me at hello: Aren't we I-O psychologists still?"" Industrial and Organizational Psychology: Perspectives on Science and Practice 3(3): 262-265."""	432	"Cunningham, C. J. L. (2010). """"You lost me at hello: Aren't we I-O psychologists still?"""" Industrial and Organizational Psychology: Perspectives on Science and Practice 3(3): 262-265."""""	" Comments on an article by A. M. Ryan & J. K. Ford (see record [rid]2010-18784-002[/rid]). My reaction to Ryan and Ford's tipping point discussion stems from the footnote assigned to the title of their article, 'In keeping with recent trends in the field, we use 'organizational psychology' rather than industrial/organizational psychology throughout, except when directly quoting a source or providing a historical referent.' This one sentence vividly illustrates the identity crisis Ryan and Ford have aptly discussed  even among like-minded colleagues, we are unable to agree on what we should call ourselves and what that label might actually imply. There is much more to the issue of our professional identity than the name we use as a descriptive label. Instead of rehashing the ongoing Society for Industrial and Organizational Psychology (SIOP) name-changing debate, which is at best mildly amusing and at worst potentially damaging our sustained professionalism, perhaps we should revisit what our profession is about. Bearing the psychological underpinnings of our profession in mind, I am struck after reading Ryan and Ford's article by three underemphasized strategies that may help us move away from this identity tipping point. All this being the case, I must disagree with the premise of Ryan and Ford's third scenario, where they suggest that l-O practice training should be focused on skill development and application, whereas academic training would include research training, without the practica and internships. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Curry, N. and S. Watkins (2016). Considerations in Developing a Peer Mentoring Programme for a Self-Access Centre."" Studies in Self-Access Learning Journal 7(1): 16-29."""	433	"Curry, N. and S. Watkins (2016). """"Considerations in Developing a Peer Mentoring Programme for a Self-Access Centre."""" Studies in Self-Access Learning Journal 7(1): 16-29."""""	" The paper outlines a peer mentoring programme at tertiary level in Japan, where it is still an uncommon practice. It will explain the context and reasons for its introduction  namely, expanding the range of services of a busy self-access centre. It will then describe what services we wish the mentors to provide which are compatible with the aims of the centre, and what skills we believe the mentors should possess, and what they need to be trained in to successfully deliver the service. It will then describe the research opportunities which this programme should provide."""
0	"Curtis, S. (2012). politics placements and employability: a new approach."" European Political Science 11(2): 153-163."""	434	"Curtis, S. (2012). """"politics placements and employability: a new approach."""" European Political Science 11(2): 153-163."""""	" In the current theory and practice of politics work placements in the UK a great deal of emphasis is placed on lengthy placements and the cultivation of 'key' or 'transferable skills'. This article presents an alternative model of short research-based placements, which provides tangible benefits for students of politics in terms of both employability and personal development, and which gels with recent attempts to provide a richer account of the nature of employability."""
0.5	"Cusick, A., et al. (2015). Peer Assisted Study Sessions for research trainees."" Journal of Peer Learning 8: 18-33."""	435	"Cusick, A., et al. (2015). """"Peer Assisted Study Sessions for research trainees."""" Journal of Peer Learning 8: 18-33."""""	" Research training should facilitate effective researcher role development. While researcher roles require the performance of specialised knowledge and skill, they also require development of personal research identities within social contexts. Interaction with research peers can provide opportunities for reflective role development. Ad-hoc cohort-specific peer interventions are relatively common in research training, but these can lack standardisation and clear conceptual frameworks to underpin strategies. Peer Assisted Study Sessions (PASS) provide a structured approach to peer support for learning. As such, we aimed to develop, implement and evaluate a PASS program for research trainees. Participants (N = 21  (9 male, 12 female  exercise science n = 5, biomedical science n = 7, science n = 2, public health n = 4, nutrition n = 3) were post-bachelor honours students and PASS was provided on a weekly basis. Demographic, academic, and PASS data were collected from institutional records. Students completed standardised PASS satisfaction evaluations. Standard undergraduate PASS administrative, funding, and reporting strategies were successfully applied. Leader selection, training, and PASS resource development processes were adapted for the research training context. Attendance and student satisfaction was high as was timely completion of research related assessments. PASS has been shown to provide methodological consistency and a transparent conceptual framework to frame expectations about the process, leader and participant roles, and mechanisms to evaluate impact. PASS enables institutionally sanctioned but peer driven opportunities for social exchange wherein reflective interpretive approaches to research role development can be considered."""
0	"Cuthbert, D. and T. Molla (2015). PhD Crisis Discourse: A Critical Approach to the Framing of the Problem and Some Australian ""Solutions""."" Higher Education: The International Journal of Higher Education and Educational Planning 69(1): 33-53."""	436	"Cuthbert, D. and T. Molla (2015). """"PhD Crisis Discourse: A Critical Approach to the Framing of the Problem and Some Australian """"Solutions""""."""" Higher Education: The International Journal of Higher Education and Educational Planning 69(1): 33-53."""""	" A feature of HE reform discourse is the tendency to construct the rationale for reform in terms of averting calamity and risk. We refer to this risk talk as ""crisis discourse."""" This study examines the formulation of PhD crisis discourse internationally and in Australia. We find that a key feature of PhD crisis discourse is that universities are producing too many graduates for too few academic jobs""  and graduates lack skills that enable them to be productive in jobs outside academia. In Australia, the discourse has shifted from one dominated by efficiency concerns from the late 1990s to the present focus on graduate skills and employability. The policy solution to the efficiency crisis in the Australian PhD resulted in system-wide changes in research training funding focused on increased efficiency. The current unemployability discourse has as yet prompted isolated institutional responses, the introduction of new PhD programs or re-badging existing offerings as pro-skills development offerings. Following an examination of three Australian institutional responses, we conclude that the crisis discourse signals tensions surrounding the PhD: should achievement in doctoral education be measured by outcomes in intellectual excellence or the responsiveness of qualification to the current needs and priorities of society?"""
0	"Czabanowska, K., et al. (2014). Public health in the 21st century: Working differently means leading and learning differently."" European Journal of Public Health 24(6): 1047-1052."""	437	"Czabanowska, K., et al. (2014). """"Public health in the 21st century: Working differently means leading and learning differently."""" European Journal of Public Health 24(6): 1047-1052."""""	" Background: Public health needs to adapt to the complex context of 21st century Europe. Unquestionably, leaders for health require new skills to face a myriad of wicked problems and challenges that are at a critical juncture for potential improvements. Public health curricula are traditionally oriented around core educational disciplines, and there is little room for developing students’ leadership capabilities within the context of public health. The aim is to present the meaning of contemporary public health leadership based on qualitative research and propose a curriculum model for contemporary public health leadership. Methods: A series of in-depth semi-structured interviews were carried out with six European public health leaders from a variety of countries and professional backgrounds. The interviews recorded and transcribed. A thematic content analysis was undertaken to identify themes within the data. Results: Five common themes that help to inform future leadership capacity arose from the interviews: the inner path of leadership, the essence of leadership, new types of leadership, future leaders’ imperatives functioning within a complex and uncertain European public health context. Conclusion: The leadership thematic model makes an important contribution to defining public health leadership in Europe and can help to guide the content development of public health leadership curricula. The authors assert that a new ‘integrative inquiry-based learning model’, with leadership as a central component, will allow schools and departments of public health across Europe to be able to ensure that tomorrow’s public health leaders are adequately trained and prepared for the challenges they will face. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Dadich, A., et al. (2015). Finding brilliance using positive organizational scholarship in healthcare."" Journal of Health Organization and Management 29(6): 750-777."""	438	"Dadich, A., et al. (2015). """"Finding brilliance using positive organizational scholarship in healthcare."""" Journal of Health Organization and Management 29(6): 750-777."""""	" Purpose - Positive organizational scholarship in healthcare (POSH) suggests that, to promote widespread improvement within health services, focusing on the good, the excellent, and the brilliant is as important as conventional approaches that focus on the negative, the problems, and the failures. POSH offers different opportunities to learn from and build resilient cultures of safety, innovation, and change. It is not separate from tried and tested approaches to health service improvement -but rather, it approaches this improvement differently. The paper aims to discuss these issues. Design/methodology/approach - POSH, appreciative inquiry (AI) and reflective practice were used to inform an exploratory investigation of what is good, excellent, or brilliant health service management. Findings - The researchers identified new characteristics of good healthcare and what it might take to have brilliant health service management, elucidated and refined POSH, and identified research opportunities that hold potential value for consumers, practitioners, and policymakers. Research limitations/implications - The secondary data used in this study offered limited contextual information. Practical implications - This approach is a platform from which to: identify, investigate, and learn about brilliant health service management  and inform theory and practice. Social implications - POSH can help to reveal what consumers and practitioners value about health services and how they prefer to engage with these services. Originality/value - Using POSH, this paper examines what consumers and practitioners value about health services  it also illustrates how brilliance can be theorized into health service management research and practice."""
0	"Daggett, M. A. (2012). A Role for History and Philosophy of Biology in Exploring New Questions in Biology."" Bioscene: Journal of College Biology Teaching 38(2): 43-47."""	439	"Daggett, M. A. (2012). """"A Role for History and Philosophy of Biology in Exploring New Questions in Biology."""" Bioscene: Journal of College Biology Teaching 38(2): 43-47."""""	" A number of current reports are challenging educators of undergraduate biology students to increase the role, interactions and approaches of other disciplines. The goal stated in these reports is to produce a college graduate with the skills and competencies to solve pressing global problems such as producing ample food, fuels, and making health care available, while also preventing the degradation of the Earth's renewable resources. This perspectives essay presents the inspiration and motivation that resulted from the interactions and collaborations with faculty in philosophy. My goal is to describe how these interactions occurred and how it has helped to inform and guide me in the development and implementation of new biological questions that can be addressed by undergraduate researchers. It has also allowed reflection on how scholarly endeavors in biology and philosophy can complement each other."""
0	"Daher, M., et al. (2015). Impact of patients' religious and spiritual beliefs in pharmacy: From the perspective of the pharmacist."" Research in Social & Administrative Pharmacy 11(1): e31-e41."""	440	"Daher, M., et al. (2015). """"Impact of patients' religious and spiritual beliefs in pharmacy: From the perspective of the pharmacist."""" Research in Social & Administrative Pharmacy 11(1): e31-e41."""""	" Background: Socio-cultural perspectives including religious and spiritual beliefs affect medicine use and adherence. Increasingly communities that pharmacists serve are diverse and pharmacists need to counsel medicine use issues with ethical and cultural sensitivity as well as pharmaceutical competence. There is very little research in this social aspect of pharmacy practice, and certainly none conducted in Australia, an increasingly multicultural, diverse population. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to explore, from a pharmacy practitioner's viewpoint, the frequency and nature of cases where patients' articulated religious/spiritual belief affect medicine use  and pharmacist perspectives on handling these issues. Methods: Qualitative method employing semi-structured interviews with pharmacy practitioners, constructed around an interview guide. Pharmacist participants were recruited purposively from areas of linguistic diversity in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Verbatim transcription and thematic analyses were performed on the data. Results: Thematic analyses of 21 semi-structured interviews depicted that scenarios where religious and spiritual belief and medication use intersect were frequently encountered by pharmacists. Patient concerns with excipients of animal origin and medication use while observing religious fasts were the main issues reported. Participants displayed scientific competence  however, aspects of ethical sensitivity in handling such issues could be improved. This novel study highlights the urgent need for more research, training and resource development for practitioners serving patients in multi-faith areas. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Dahl, D. W. (2011). Clarity in Defining Product Design: Inspiring Research Opportunities for the Design Process."" Journal of Product Innovation Management 28(3): 425-427."""	441	"Dahl, D. W. (2011). """"Clarity in Defining Product Design: Inspiring Research Opportunities for the Design Process."""" Journal of Product Innovation Management 28(3): 425-427."""""	" The author argues that given the holistic, cross-functional, and unique nature of the process of product design, more research is needed to understand product design teams. Specifically, future research should address internal processes cultivated within the product design team, macro influences in the product design environment, and the definition of product design team membership."""
0	"Dai, D. Y., et al. (2011). Inquiry-Based Learning in China: Do Teachers Practice What They Preach, and Why?"" Frontiers of Education in China 6(1): 139-157."""	442	"Dai, D. Y., et al. (2011). """"Inquiry-Based Learning in China: Do Teachers Practice What They Preach, and Why?"""" Frontiers of Education in China 6(1): 139-157."""""	" China is undergoing an education reform that calls for a change from a rigid, fixed curriculum and didactic pedagogy to a more flexible, school-based curriculum and more inquiry-based pedagogy. This study investigated the extent to which Chinese middle and high school teachers (a) endorse an inquiry-based approach and underlying learning principles, (b) practice this mode of teaching, and (c) believe that the approach is practically viable in the current educational contexts in China. A structured survey was developed to solicit Chinese teachers' responses to the above three issues. A total of 582 valid responses were collected, representing middle and high schools in different geographic locations. The results show that Chinese teachers are receptive to inquiry-based pedagogy but find practical constraints in fully implementing it. Several cultural and pragmatic reasons are explored. Policy implications are discussed with respect to teacher education/development, capacity building for the new pedagogy, and teaching/evaluation alignment. Finally cultural issues are discussed regarding using inquiry-based learning to enhance critical thinking and nurture independent thinkers."""
0.5	"Dalgleish, R., et al. (2012). A Mini-Library of Sequenced Human DNA Fragments: Linking Bench Experiments with Informatics."" Journal of Biological Education 46(3): 193-198."""	443	"Dalgleish, R., et al. (2012). """"A Mini-Library of Sequenced Human DNA Fragments: Linking Bench Experiments with Informatics."""" Journal of Biological Education 46(3): 193-198."""""	" We describe the development of a mini-library of human DNA fragments for use in an enquiry-based learning (EBL) undergraduate practical incorporating ""wet-lab"""" and bioinformatics tasks. In spite of the widespread emergence of the polymerase chain reaction (PCR), the cloning and analysis of DNA fragments in """"Escherichia coli"""" remains a fundamental skill commonly taught to undergraduate biology students. The individual procedures are simple enough, but enthusiastic engagement of the students in practical exercises requires that a better learning experience be offered to them than the simple opportunity to participate. To address this issue we have prepared a mini-library of well-characterised fragments of human DNA in a small plasmid vector. We have generated high-quality sequence data for each end of the human DNAs and there are sufficient clones for around 80 students to each engage in a series of enquiry-based activities producing results that are unique to each student. This resource allows the students to experience the real-life integration of """"wet-lab"""" and bioinformatics approaches in modern molecular genetics. The experimental procedures are aimed at molecular genetics students commencing their second year of undergraduate study, but the materials could also be used with more advanced groups, up to and including masters degree level, by appropriate adaptation and extension of the range of experimental techniques used. (Contains 4 figures.)"""""
0	"Damawati, N. A. C. and E. A. Juanda (2016). THE EFFECT OF INQUIRY BASED LEARNING ON THE REASONING ABILITY OF GRADE VII STUDENTS ABOUT HEAT CONCEPT."" Jurnal Pendidikan Fisika Indonesia-Indonesian Journal of Physics Education 12(1): 19-25."""	444	"Damawati, N. A. C. and E. A. Juanda (2016). """"THE EFFECT OF INQUIRY BASED LEARNING ON THE REASONING ABILITY OF GRADE VII STUDENTS ABOUT HEAT CONCEPT."""" Jurnal Pendidikan Fisika Indonesia-Indonesian Journal of Physics Education 12(1): 19-25."""""	" This study aimed to analyze the effect of Inquiry Based Learningon the reasoning ability of grade 7 students about heat concept. This study is a quasi-experimental research design with non-equivalent post-test only controls group design. Two groups of seventh grade students were included as samples, which receive the experimental class of Inquiry Based Learning treatment while the other group acted as a control group who received the learning process in accordance with the applicable provisions of the curriculum. The data collected in this study is the students reasoning ability which obtained from the test of reasoning ability. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and statistical parametric t-test. Results of independet research shows that there are significant differences in reasoning abilities between the experimental class and control class. In this research, the experiment class perform more better reasoning skills than the control class. (C) 2016 Jurusan Fisika FMIPA UNNES Semarang"""
0	"D'Angelo, A. L. D., et al. (2015). Residents' perception of skill decay during dedicated research time."" Journal of Surgical Research 199(1): 23-31."""	445	"D'Angelo, A. L. D., et al. (2015). """"Residents' perception of skill decay during dedicated research time."""" Journal of Surgical Research 199(1): 23-31."""""	" Background: Surgery residents may take years away from clinical responsibilities for dedicated research time. As part of a longitudinal project, the study aim was to investigate residents' perceptions of clinical skill reduction during dedicated research time. Our hypothesis was that residents would perceive a greater potential reduction in skill during research time for procedures they were less confident in performing. Materials and methods: Surgical residents engaged in dedicated research training at multiple training programs participated in four simulated procedures: urinary catheterization, subclavian central line, bowel anastomosis, and laparoscopic ventral hernia (LVH) repair. Using preprocedure and postprocedure surveys, participants rated procedures for confidence and difficulty. Residents also indicated the perceived level of skills reduction for the four procedures as a result of time in the laboratory. Results: Thirty-eight residents (55% female) completed the four clinical simulators. Participants had between 0-36 mo in a laboratory (M = 9.29 mo, standard deviation = 9.38). Pre-procedure surveys noted lower confidence and higher perceived difficulty for performing the LVH repair followed by bowel anastomosis, central line insertion, and urinary catheterization (P < 0.05). Residents perceived the greatest reduction in bowel anastomosis and LVH repair skills compared with urinary catheterization and subclavian central line insertion (P < 0.001). Postprocedure surveys showed significant effects of the simulation scenarios on resident perception for urinary catheterization (P < 0.05) and LVH repair (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Residents in this study expected greater skills decay for the procedures they had lower confidence performing and greater perceived difficulty. In addition, carefully adapted simulation scenarios had a significant effect on resident perception and may provide a mechanism for maintaining skills and keeping confidence grounded in experience. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""
0	"Daniel, R. and L. Daniel (2015). Enhancing capacity for success in the creative industries: Undergraduate student reflections on the implementation of work-integrated learning strategies."" Asia-Pacific Journal of Cooperative Education 16(3): 199-209."""	446	"Daniel, R. and L. Daniel (2015). """"Enhancing capacity for success in the creative industries: Undergraduate student reflections on the implementation of work-integrated learning strategies."""" Asia-Pacific Journal of Cooperative Education 16(3): 199-209."""""	" This article reflects ongoing research-led teaching in the area of creative industries in higher education. Specifically it reports on key work-integrated learning strategies designed to better prepare graduates for the employment sector. The creative industries sector is complex and competitive, characterized by non-linear career paths driven by the individual. Following contextualization of the key issues, a core creative industries subject and curriculum is described, which requires students to engage directly with industry practitioners via internships or case studies. In order to interrogate the impact of these activities, a sample of final reflections as well as formal student feedback on the subject were analyzed in order to draw out key themes in relation to student learning and understanding. Analysis of these data propose that direct engagement with practitioners assists students in developing new knowledge of the capacities they will require for a sustainable career."""
1	"Daniels, H., et al. (2016). Factors Influencing Student Gains from Undergraduate Research Experiences at a Hispanic-Serving Institution."" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 15(3)."""	447	"Daniels, H., et al. (2016). """"Factors Influencing Student Gains from Undergraduate Research Experiences at a Hispanic-Serving Institution."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 15(3)."""""	" Undergraduate research experiences (UREs) confer many benefits to students, including improved self-confidence, better communication skills, and an increased likelihood of pursuing science careers. Additionally, UREs may be particularly important for racial/ethnic minority students who are underrepresented in the science workforce. We examined factors hypothetically relevant to underrepresented minority student gains from UREs at a Hispanic-serving institution, such as mentoring quality, family income, being Latino/a, and caring for dependents. Data came from a 2013 survey of University of Texas at El Paso students engaged in 10 URE programs (n = 227). Using generalized linear models (GzLMs) and adjusting for known covariates, we found that students who reported receiving higher-quality mentorship, spending more hours caring for dependents, and receiving more programmatic resources experienced significantly greater gains from their URE in all three areas we examined (i.e., thinking and working like a scientist, personal gains, and gains in skills). In two of three areas, duration of the URE was positive and significant. Being Latino/a was positive and significant only in the model predicting personal gains. Across the three models, quality of mentorship was the most important correlate of gains. This suggests that providing training to faculty mentors involved in UREs may improve student outcomes and increase program efficacy."""
0	"Daniels, J., et al. (2015). Supporting early career health investigators in Kenya: A qualitative study of HIV/AIDS research capacity building."" Pan African Medical Journal 20."""	448	"Daniels, J., et al. (2015). """"Supporting early career health investigators in Kenya: A qualitative study of HIV/AIDS research capacity building."""" Pan African Medical Journal 20."""""	" Introduction: strategies to transfer international health research training programs to sub-Saharan African institutions focus on developing cadres of local investigators who will lead such programs. Using a critical leadership theory framework, we conducted a qualitative study of one program to understand how collaborative training and research can support early career investigators in Kenya toward the program transfer goal. Methods: We used purposive sampling methods and a semi-structured protocol to conduct in-depth interviews with US (N= 5) and Kenyan (N= 5) independent investigators. Transcripts were coded using a two-step process, and then compared with each other to identify major themes. Results: A limited local research environment, funding needs and research career mentorship were identified as major influences on early career researchers. Institutional demands on Kenyan faculty to teach rather than complete research restricted investigators' ability to develop research careers. This was coupled with lack of local funding to support research. Sustainable collaborations between Kenyan, US and other international investigators were perceived to mitigate these challenges and support early career investigators who would help build a robust local research environment for training. Conclusion: mutually beneficial collaborations between Kenyan and US investigators developed during training mitigate these challenges and build a supportive research environment for training. In these collaborations, early career investigators learn how to navigate the complex international research environment to build local HIV research capacity. Shared and mutually beneficial resources within international research collaborations are required to support early career investigators and plans to transfer health research training to African institutions."""
1	"Danker, B. (2015). Using Flipped Classroom Approach to Explore Deep Learning in Large Classrooms."" IAFOR Journal of Education 3(1): 171-186."""	449	"Danker, B. (2015). """"Using Flipped Classroom Approach to Explore Deep Learning in Large Classrooms."""" IAFOR Journal of Education 3(1): 171-186."""""	" This project used two Flipped Classroom approaches to stimulate deep learning in large classrooms during the teaching of a film module as part of a Diploma in Performing Arts course at Sunway University, Malaysia. The flipped classes utilized either a blended learning approach where students first watched online lectures as homework, and then completed their assignments and practical work in class  or utilized a guided inquiry approach at the beginning of class using this same process. During the class the lecturers were present to help the students, and in addition, the students were advantaged by being able to help one another. The in-class learning activities also included inquiry-based learning, active learning, and peer-learning. This project used an action research approach to improve the in-class instructional design progressively to achieve its impact of deep learning among the students. The in-class learning activities that was included in the later flipped classes merged aspects of blended learning with an inquiry-based learning cycle which focused on the exploration of concepts. Data was gathered from questionnaires filled out by the students and from short interviews with the students, as well as from the teacher's reflective journals. The findings verified that the flipped classrooms were able to remodel large lecture classes into active-learning classes. The results also support the possibility of individualised learning for the students as being high as a result of the teacher's ability to provide one-on-one tutoring through technology-infused lessons. It is imperative that the in-class learning activities are purposefully designed as the inclusion of the exploratory learning through guided inquiry-based activities in the flipped classes was a successful way to engage students on a deeper level and increased the students' curiosity and engaged them to develop higher-order thinking skills. This project also concluded that flipped classrooms had promising impact for student learning and achievement in a Performing Arts course in Malaysia."""
1	"Danowitz, A. M., et al. (2016). A Combination Course and Lab-Based Approach to Teaching Research Skills to Undergraduates."" Journal of Chemical Education 93(3): 434-438."""	450	"Danowitz, A. M., et al. (2016). """"A Combination Course and Lab-Based Approach to Teaching Research Skills to Undergraduates."""" Journal of Chemical Education 93(3): 434-438."""""	" Undergraduate research is an important capstone experience that provides students with the conceptual and technical aptitude for graduate or industrial research. However, this experience is often compressed into a single term in a course-based undergraduate research experience (CURE) or run by individual faculty members for select students on an ad hoc basis as an undergraduate research experience (URE). One alternative to these two possibilities is to use a team-taught course during students' third year to help them develop fundamental skills that they use to prepare and present a research proposal. This proposal serves as a vehicle for improving students' ability to assimilate information from the primary research literature and for them to practice evaluating the safety and research ethics aspects of projects. Students also use their proposals as research plans for their remaining year and a half of college. Data gathered indicate that this course was effective and that it could be a useful addition to other departments' curricula, particularly at teaching-focused institutions."""
0	"Darling, J., et al. (2007). Learning about the means to the end: What US introductory psychology students report about experimental participation."" Psychology Learning & Teaching 6(2): 91-97."""	451	"Darling, J., et al. (2007). """"Learning about the means to the end: What US introductory psychology students report about experimental participation."""" Psychology Learning & Teaching 6(2): 91-97."""""	" Previous research has shown that when asked to rate their agreement with statements regarding their attitudes towards participation in psychological experiments, students reported that their participation was of educational value (e.g., Bowman and Waite, 2003  Landrum and Chastain, 1995). We investigated what kinds of learning experiences students would report when prompted with open ended questions regarding their participation. Four open ended questions asked how seriously participants took the research experience, what participants gained from studies, what were commonalties among the studies and how their classroom experience helped with understanding the experiments. In addition to reporting that they took their participation seriously, students reported that they learned not only about psychological content but also about the process of conducting psychological research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	Darling-Hammond, L. (2012). Policy Frameworks for New Assessments.	452	Darling-Hammond, L. (2012). Policy Frameworks for New Assessments.	" Many nations around the world have undertaken wide-ranging reforms of curriculum, instruction, and assessment with the intention of better preparing all children for the higher educational demands of life and work in the twenty-first century. While large-scale testing systems in some countries emphasize multiple-choice items that evaluate recall and recognition of discrete facts, there is growing use in many countries of more sophisticated approaches. These approaches include not only more analytical selected response items, but also open-ended items and curriculum-embedded tasks that require students to analyze, apply knowledge, and communicate more extensively, both orally and in writing. A growing emphasis on project-based, inquiry-oriented learning has led to increasing prominence for school-based tasks in state and national systems, taking in research projects, science investigations, use of technology to access information and solve authentic problems, development of products, and presenations about these efforts. This chapter briefly describes the policy frameworks for assessment systems in Australia, Finland, Singapore, and the UK, with special attention given to identifying cases where assessment of twenty-first century skills has been or may be developed in assessment systems that report information at the national or state, as well as local, levels."""
0	"Darra, S. (2008). Emotion work and the ethics of novice insider research."" Journal of Research in Nursing 13(3): 251-261."""	453	"Darra, S. (2008). """"Emotion work and the ethics of novice insider research."""" Journal of Research in Nursing 13(3): 251-261."""""	" This paper relates to research practice and in particular, it explores the practice of insider research in a study carried out as part of a research training fellowship. The effects of research on the researcher and the researched are discussed and extracts from transcripts and a research diary are used to illustrate ethical dilemmas that may arise from such a study. The role of the novice researcher is central to the discussion and the concept of 'emotion work' is used to illustrate the hidden consequences of seemingly innocuous insider research. The paper contributes to the body of knowledge relating to qualitative research methods, by combining reflection with emotion work and novice insider research. Despite it being largely about the novice researcher studying within her own profession, it raises important points that may be of interest to more experienced researchers working in other domains. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Dasgupta, A. P., et al. (2014). Development and Validation of a Rubric for Diagnosing Students' Experimental Design Knowledge and Difficulties."" CBE - Life Sciences Education 13(2): 265-284."""	454	"Dasgupta, A. P., et al. (2014). """"Development and Validation of a Rubric for Diagnosing Students' Experimental Design Knowledge and Difficulties."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 13(2): 265-284."""""	" It is essential to teach students about experimental design, as this facilitates their deeper understanding of how most biological knowledge was generated and gives them tools to perform their own investigations. Despite the importance of this area, surprisingly little is known about what students actually learn from designing biological experiments. In this paper, we describe a rubric for experimental design (RED) that can be used to measure knowledge of and diagnose difficulties with experimental design. The development and validation of the RED was informed by a literature review and empirical analysis of undergraduate biology students' responses to three published assessments. Five areas of difficulty with experimental design were identified: the variable properties of an experimental subject  the manipulated variables  measurement of outcomes  accounting for variability  and the scope of inference appropriate for experimental findings. Our findings revealed that some difficulties, documented some 50 yr ago, still exist among our undergraduate students, while others remain poorly investigated. The RED shows great promise for diagnosing students' experimental design knowledge in lecture settings, laboratory courses, research internships, and course-based undergraduate research experiences. It also shows potential for guiding the development and selection of assessment and instructional activities that foster experimental design."""
0	"Davenport, D. E. and B. Porter (2008). Starting and Running an REU for Minorities and Women."" PRIMUS 18(2): 183-197."""	455	"Davenport, D. E. and B. Porter (2008). """"Starting and Running an REU for Minorities and Women."""" PRIMUS 18(2): 183-197."""""	" The decreasing number of U.S. citizens with advanced degrees in the mathematical sciences is a growing concern. Also of concern is the small number of advanced degrees in the sciences going to African Americans, Latinos, and women. Several Research Experience for Undergraduates (REU) programs have been developed to address these issues. In this article we describe the design of our ongoing program, the Summer Undergraduate Mathematical Sciences Research Institute (SUMSRI), in the Department of Mathematics and Statistics at Miami University."""
0	"Davies, L., et al. (2015). The SQUIRE Guidelines: an evaluation from the field, 5 years post release."" Bmj Quality & Safety 24(12): 769-775."""	456	"Davies, L., et al. (2015). """"The SQUIRE Guidelines: an evaluation from the field, 5 years post release."""" Bmj Quality & Safety 24(12): 769-775."""""	" Background The Standards for Quality Improvement Reporting Excellence (SQUIRE) Guidelines were published in 2008 to increase the completeness, precision and accuracy of published reports of systematic efforts to improve the quality, value and safety of healthcare. Since that time, the field has expanded. We asked people from the field to evaluate the Guidelines, a novel approach to a first step in revision. Methods Evaluative design using focus groups and semi-structured interviews with 29 end users and an advisory group of 18 thinkers in the field. Sampling of end users was purposive to achieve variation in work setting, geographic location, area of expertise, manuscript writing experience, healthcare improvement and research experience. Results Study participants reported that SQUIRE was useful in planning a healthcare improvement project, but not as helpful during writing because of redundancies, uncertainty about what was important to include and lack of clarity in items. The concept ""planning the study of the intervention"""" (item 10) was hard for many participants to understand. Participants varied in their interpretation of the meaning of item 10b """"the concept of the mechanism by which changes were expected to occur"""". Participants disagreed about whether iterations of an intervention should be reported. Level of experience in writing, knowledge of the science of improvement and the evolving meaning of some terms in the field are hypothesised as the reasons for these findings. Conclusions The original SQUIRE Guidelines help with planning healthcare improvement work, but are perceived as complicated and unclear during writing. Key goals of the revision will be to clarify items where conflict was identified and outline the key components necessary for complete reporting of improvement work."""""
0	"Davila, A. and G. Foster (2008). The Adoption and Evolution of Management Control Systems in Entrepreneurial Companies: Evidence and a Promising Future."" Handbook of Management Accounting Research, Vol 3: 1323-1336."""	457	"Davila, A. and G. Foster (2008). """"The Adoption and Evolution of Management Control Systems in Entrepreneurial Companies: Evidence and a Promising Future."""" Handbook of Management Accounting Research, Vol 3: 1323-1336."""""	" Management control systems have traditionally been perceived as detrimental to the entrepreneurial spirit that characterizes start-up companies. However, recent evidence suggests that the opposite holds-these systems are required for these firms to fulfil their growth potential. This chapter discusses the empirical evidence that is starting to accumulate around this research topic. These early studies have just outlined a topic that deserves better understanding and a more diverse set of theoretical lenses to understand the forces shaping the results from these studies. The chapter also presents the theories and frameworks relevant to management control systems in entrepreneurial companies. Again, these concepts are just initial efforts with a significant need for further development. The map of the field that emerges from the analysis in this chapter is a fascinating field relevant to advance our knowledge of control systems, with many research opportunities. This is a field that is not only relevant from an academic perspective, but of utmost importance for managers."""
0	"Davila, T. and M. Wouters (2007). Management Accounting in the Manufacturing Sector: Managing Costs at the Design and Production Stages."" Handbook of Management Accounting Research, Vol 2: 831-858."""	458	"Davila, T. and M. Wouters (2007). """"Management Accounting in the Manufacturing Sector: Managing Costs at the Design and Production Stages."""" Handbook of Management Accounting Research, Vol 2: 831-858."""""	" This chapter analyzes the empirical research literature on management accounting in the manufacturing sector including the development as well and manufacturing phases of the product lifecycle. As managing product development has gained terrain in companies over the last 15 years, management accounting research has contributed to the advancement of this field of knowledge. Changes in the manufacturing environment, such as significant upfront investments and ongoing overhead costs, demanding performance criteria besides efficiency, or critical linkages across the value chain have contributed to a fruitful research in management accounting in manufacturing. The chapter identifies significant advances in this knowledge base and highlights future research opportunities."""
0	"Davis, A. (2012). A Monstrous Regimen of Synthetic Phonics: Fantasies of Research-Based Teaching ""Methods"" versus Real Teaching."" Journal of Philosophy of Education 46(4): 560-573."""	459	"Davis, A. (2012). """"A Monstrous Regimen of Synthetic Phonics: Fantasies of Research-Based Teaching """"Methods"""" versus Real Teaching."""" Journal of Philosophy of Education 46(4): 560-573."""""	" In England, Higher Education institutions, together with the schools whose staff they train, are being required to incorporate synthetic phonics as one of the key approaches to the teaching of reading. Yet even if synthetic phonics can be identified as one of the component ""skills"""" of reading, an assumption vigorously contested in this paper, it does not follow that it can or should be taught explicitly and independently of reading for meaning. Imposing such a """"method"""" is, at a deep level, incompatible with teachers acting as teachers and potentially constitutes a kind of abuse of early readers. Moreover, because of the conceptual difficulties confronting any attempt to specify synthetic phonics as an approach, there cannot exist, in principle, empirical research that actually supports its value. Current policy in England since the Rose Report, at least, assumes the opposite. All this cannot be dismissed as a little local difficulty for England concerning the teaching of reading English with all its spelling irregularities: there are broader implications for the relationship between research and teaching, together with continuing tendencies to impose """"teacher proof"""" approaches on schools and their staff in many countries. (Contains 6 notes.)"""""
0	"Davis, S. N. and S. K. Jacobsen (2014). Curricular Integration as Innovation: Faculty Insights on Barriers to Institutionalizing Change."" Innovative Higher Education 39(1): 17-31."""	460	"Davis, S. N. and S. K. Jacobsen (2014). """"Curricular Integration as Innovation: Faculty Insights on Barriers to Institutionalizing Change."""" Innovative Higher Education 39(1): 17-31."""""	" In the burgeoning literature on infusing undergraduate research and creative activities into the curriculum of research-intensive institutions, few studies have examined the perspectives of the faculty mentors who provide the individualized opportunities for students. Based on focus group data from 50 faculty mentors, we document faculty perceptions of the challenges to infusing undergraduate student scholarship across the curriculum. We conclude with practical suggestions for other institutions seeking to implement innovative change initiatives in general and to broaden opportunities for undergraduate research and creative activities in particular."""
0	"Davis, T. A. (2011). The Biology Major Capstone Experience: Measurements of Accountability."" Bioscene: Journal of College Biology Teaching 37(1): 26-28."""	461	"Davis, T. A. (2011). """"The Biology Major Capstone Experience: Measurements of Accountability."""" Bioscene: Journal of College Biology Teaching 37(1): 26-28."""""	" Loras College senior biology and biology research majors are required to take a comprehensive exam, give an oral presentation, write this talk into their thesis and participate in an exit interview with a non-biology faculty member before they graduate. Details of these capstone experiences will be discussed further. Other capstone experiences that might be included were discussed such as a hands-on lab skill assessment test, a 1-2 year research experience, and making an e-portfolio to include a resume and class artifacts. Suggestions for other items to consider in a senior capstone experience are included."""
0	"Dawson, M. C. and L. Sinwell (2012). Ethical and Political Challenges of Participatory Action Research in the Academy: Reflections on Social Movements and Knowledge Production in South Africa."" Social Movement Studies 11(2): 177-191."""	462	"Dawson, M. C. and L. Sinwell (2012). """"Ethical and Political Challenges of Participatory Action Research in the Academy: Reflections on Social Movements and Knowledge Production in South Africa."""" Social Movement Studies 11(2): 177-191."""""	" From the vantage point of South Africa, this article highlights a number of ethical challenges that could potentially arise in the relationship between social movement researchers and activists in the pursuit of social justice and transformation. In contrast to conventional approaches to social science more generally, we argue that a neat separation between theory and action is useful neither for producing knowledge within the academy nor for advancing the causes of social movements. The article reflects on two different research experiences in order to explain the limitations and quandaries that confront academics who seek to negotiate scholar-activist identities. In doing so, it extends the work of Croteau, who has explored the tensions between activism and scholarship. Drawing on participatory action research (PAR) approaches, including Touraine's method of sociological intervention, we suggest that a refined approach to PAR may assist in countering the inequalities that have been created in the academy between the researcher and researched, thereby alleviating some of the ethical and political concerns that inevitably confront scholar-activists."""
0	"Day, C. S., et al. (2010). Effectiveness of the AAOS Leadership Fellows Program for Orthopaedic Surgeons."" Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery-American Volume 92A(16): 2700-2708."""	463	"Day, C. S., et al. (2010). """"Effectiveness of the AAOS Leadership Fellows Program for Orthopaedic Surgeons."""" Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery-American Volume 92A(16): 2700-2708."""""	" Background Effective physician leadership is critical to the future success of healthcare organizations The American Academy of Orthopaedic Surgeons (AAOS) Leadership Fellows Program is a one year program designed to train young orthopaedic surgeons to become future leaders in orthopaedics The purpose of this study was to evaluate the impact of the AAOS Leadership Fellows Program on the leadership skills and achievements of its participants Methods Graduates of the Leadership Fellows Program were compared with a control group of previous applicants who were not accepted to the program (applicants) in a retrospective cohort comparison study A subjective survey of leadership skills was used to assess the confidence of the two cohorts in eight areas of leadership In addition, an updated curriculum vitae from each of sixty leadership fellows from the classes of 2003 through 2009 and from each of forty seven applicants was retrospectively reviewed for evidence of leadership The updated curriculum vitae of the leadership fellows was evaluated for leadership activity attained prior to and following participation in the program while the updated curriculum vitae of applicants was evaluated for leadership activity attained prior to and following the last year of application to the program Curricula vitae were assessed for demonstration of national leadership, academic rank, hospital administrative rank and research experience Results On the leadership survey, the graduates of the Leadership Fellows Program scored higher than the applicants in seven of eight categories The review of the curricula vitae demonstrated that, prior to the Leadership Fellows Program, the leadership fellows were more likely than the applicants to have an academic practice and hold an academic rank The difference between the two cohorts in administrative rank and leadership of national committees was not significant Following the program, the leadership fellows were more likely to chair national committees (p < 0 001) and hold leadership positions in their hospitals (p = 0 008) Furthermore, the leadership fellows were more likely to advance in their academic and administrative ranks compared with those who applied to the program and were not accepted Conclusions The AAOS Leadership Fellows Program seems to have a positive impact on the leadership competency of its participants Graduates of the program are more likely to assume leadership positions in national organizations and within their own institutions"""
0	"Day, T. (2012). Undergraduate teaching and learning in physical geography."" Progress in Physical Geography 36(3): 305-332."""	464	"Day, T. (2012). """"Undergraduate teaching and learning in physical geography."""" Progress in Physical Geography 36(3): 305-332."""""	" Like other disciplines, physical geography has seen substantial recent interest in research on ways to improve undergraduate teaching and learning. Most of this research has taken place in a constructivist framework in which students construct knowledge in ways that are meaningful to them. Constructivist theory forms the basis for a wide range of active learning approaches, such as inquiry-based learning and problem-based learning. These approaches are inductive in that students build theory and generalizations from case studies rather than more traditional approaches in which the students learn the theory and then study some examples. Students are typically more engaged in their active learning than they are in traditional approaches, but the impacts of the newer approaches on student learning are unclear. Experiential and service learning, together with fieldwork, offer considerable organizational challenges, but the learning rewards are clear and unchallenged. Attempts to replace fieldwork with virtual field trips have met with resistance, but there has been little research on the ways that virtual fieldwork could be improved. Introductory physical geography textbooks have failed to keep up with changes in teaching the subject, although there have been some recent innovations that offer promise. Animations in particular seem to engage students, although there is no evidence that they enhance the learning of physical geography. The nature of the relationship between research and teaching continues to fascinate, yet eludes clarification. The scholarship of teaching and learning physical geography offers challenges and opportunities for new and experienced faculty who have not previously published in this field."""
0	"De La Franier, B. J., et al. (2016). A First-Year Chemistry Undergraduate ""Course Community"" at a Large, Research-Intensive University."" Journal of Chemical Education 93(2): 256-261."""	465	"De La Franier, B. J., et al. (2016). """"A First-Year Chemistry Undergraduate """"Course Community"""" at a Large, Research-Intensive University."""" Journal of Chemical Education 93(2): 256-261."""""	" This article describes the integration of a cocurricular ""Community"""" into a first-year undergraduate chemistry course at the University of Toronto. The Community has been in existence since 2006, with over 700 students being involved. Its broad objectives have been three-fold: to inform course members about departmental resources and their significance, to teach skills and provide tips away from formal class content, and to promote the importance of undergraduate research/highlight available opportunities. The Community has received very positive feedback over a number of years and has resulted in a large increase in the number of students enrolling in second- and fourth-year undergraduate science research courses."""""
0	"De Luca, L., et al. (2007). A generic formalism for the semantic modeling and representation of architectural elements."" Visual Computer 23(3): 181-205."""	466	"De Luca, L., et al. (2007). """"A generic formalism for the semantic modeling and representation of architectural elements."""" Visual Computer 23(3): 181-205."""""	" This article presents a methodological approach to the semantic description of architectural elements based both on theoretical reflections and research experiences. To develop this approach, a first process of extraction and formalization of architectural knowledge on the basis of the analysis of architectural treaties is proposed. Then, the identified features are used to produce a template shape library dedicated to buildings surveying. Finally, the problem of the overall model structuring and organization using semantic information is addressed for user handling purposes."""
0	"de Oliveira, N. A., et al. (2011). Student views of research training programmes in medical schools."" Medical Education 45(7): 748-755."""	467	"de Oliveira, N. A., et al. (2011). """"Student views of research training programmes in medical schools."""" Medical Education 45(7): 748-755."""""	" Context: Research activity is not a mandatory component of medical education in many developing countries, including Brazil, although such experiences can have a positive impact on the quality of medical education. The interest and involvement of medical students in research and the barriers they face in accessing research training in developing countries have not been adequately addressed. Objectives: We sought to assess the availability of scientific training programmes in Brazilian medical schools, the degree of involvement of medical students in these programmes, the main barriers to student involvement in research and possible reasons for the lack of scientific training programmes. Methods: This study examined 13 medical programmes conducted in six Brazilian states. A total of 1004 medical students were interviewed. We evaluated the availability of scientific training in the institutions attended by these students, the participation of the students in such activities and students’ reasons for not joining such programmes based on student answers to our questionnaire. Results: Although only 7% of the medical students expressed no interest in research, only 60% of them were involved in research training. Students regarded a lack of institutional incentive as the most significant barrier to their participation in research activities. Other significant barriers included defective infrastructure and insufficient time available for professors to mentor undergraduate students. According to the feedback from the students, eight of the 13 schools investigated featured structured programmes for scientific training. However, a mean of only 47% of students participated in scientific training programmes on their campuses and 13% of students were compelled to pursue such activities off-campus. Conclusions: Although scientific training during medical education in Brazil is still less frequent than expected, most of the students were interested in research activities. The barriers to undergraduate scientific training described in this paper may help the Brazilian government improve research training in medical schools. These issues might also be explored in other developing countries. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"de Villiers, R., et al. (2016). THE INCORPORATION OF THE USA 'SCIENCE MADE SENSIBLE' PROGRAMME IN SOUTH AFRICAN PRIMARY SCHOOLS: A CROSS-CULTURAL APPROACH TO SCIENCE EDUCATION."" Education as Change 20(1): 239-258."""	468	"de Villiers, R., et al. (2016). """"THE INCORPORATION OF THE USA 'SCIENCE MADE SENSIBLE' PROGRAMME IN SOUTH AFRICAN PRIMARY SCHOOLS: A CROSS-CULTURAL APPROACH TO SCIENCE EDUCATION."""" Education as Change 20(1): 239-258."""""	" The Science Made Sensible (SMS) programme began as a partnership between the University of Miami (UM), Florida, USA, and some public schools in Miami. In this programme, postgraduate students from UM work with primary school science teachers to engage learners in science through the use of inquiry-based, hands-on activities. Due to the success of the SMS programme in Miami, it was extended internationally. The SMS team (two Miami Grade 6/7 science teachers and two UM postgraduate students), 195 learners, and five South African teachers at two primary schools in Pretoria, South Africa, participated in this study. A quantitative research design was employed, and learners, teachers and UM postgraduate students used questionnaires to evaluate the SMS programme. The results show that the SMS team was successful in reaching the SMS goals in these South African schools. More than 90% of the learners are of opinion that the SMS team from the USA made them more interested in the natural sciences and fostered an appreciation for the natural sciences. All the South African teachers plan to adopt and adapt some of the pedagogical strategies they learned from the SMS team. This article includes a discussion about the benefits of inquiry-based learning and the similarities and dissimilarities of USA and South Africa's teaching methods in the science classrooms."""
0	"Deakins, E. (2009). Helping Students Value Cultural Diversity through Research-Based Teaching."" Higher Education Research and Development 28(2): 209-226."""	469	"Deakins, E. (2009). """"Helping Students Value Cultural Diversity through Research-Based Teaching."""" Higher Education Research and Development 28(2): 209-226."""""	" Although international students studying in New Zealand desire and expect contact with their domestic peers, the level of cross-national interactions remains generally low. This paper describes an initiative to promote more and better intercultural understanding within a target group of students having similar needs and interests in a higher education setting. A research-based teaching approach progressively increased student engagement with higher order cognitive skills and both topic and process were aligned in such a way that training opportunities in intercultural competence were explored while also providing a process that offered further training in intercultural competence. Enduring appreciation of cultural diversity issues was achieved via deep styles of teaching and learning that raised awareness, changed attitudes and behaviour and ultimately impacted classroom culture. Initiative design, evaluation and results are described and limitations noted. The findings should be of interest to teachers of multicultural students and to academics studying cultural diversity issues. (Contains 8 figures.)"""
0	"Deans, J. and R. Brown (2008). Reflection, Renewal and Relationship Building: An Ongoing Journey in Early Childhood Arts Education."" Contemporary Issues in Early Childhood 9(4): 339."""	470	"Deans, J. and R. Brown (2008). """"Reflection, Renewal and Relationship Building: An Ongoing Journey in Early Childhood Arts Education."""" Contemporary Issues in Early Childhood 9(4): 339."""""	" The established place of the arts within early childhood education is rarely questioned. Nevertheless, social, cultural and political shifts in values, beliefs and practices impact on approaches to the arts, as early childhood practitioners grapple with increasingly complex views on how children learn and what factors impact on their learning. This article maps some of these shifts over the past 15 years, at one Early Learning Centre (ELC) in Australia. The centre has created and regularly re-conceptualised its vision for the place of the arts in the lives of young children. Curriculum is informed by a layered and multidimensional theoretical framework, where the arts are integrated into the children's learning, and theories are considered as collections of partial truths. The article documents a number of significant events where the children engaged with the arts as ways of making and communicating meaning, and as a means for inquiry-based learning, for developing their artistry and as a space for relationship building between individuals and communities. Reflections on these events examine the image of the child, symbolic languages, emergent curriculum, the role of artist/ teacher and the impact of socio-cultural values on arts pedagogy and practice. (Contains 8 figures.)"""
0	"Decarie, C. (2010). Literacy and Informational Interviews."" Business Communication Quarterly 73(3): 306-317."""	471	"Decarie, C. (2010). """"Literacy and Informational Interviews."""" Business Communication Quarterly 73(3): 306-317."""""	" Informational interviews are valuable tools for improving writing, editing, and interviewing skills, and they are also extremely valuable in improving the soft skills that are valued by employers, such as confidence, adaptability, the ability to set and keep deadlines, the ability to manage risk, and so on. These soft skills, this article argues, are a set of skills important enough to be considered a form of literacy. College graduates must be literate in these skills if they are to survive and thrive beyond college. Informational interviews are simple to assign yet challenging to do and appropriate for any area of study and for any age group of adult learners (loosely defined as any learner in postsecondary education). They are especially useful for younger adult learners (those who entered postsecondary education directly after high school and typically in their late teens) as they help them meet potential adult role models and give them a structured means of interacting with older adults... as adults. Informational interviews are, very simply, opportunities for students to have conversations with people who can serve as models for the students' futures, in this case business professionals. Although informational interviews can lead to job opportunities, they are not job interviews, and the students should emphasize when making a request for an interview that this is a research opportunity. In colloquial terms, an informational interview is a chance to pick someone's brain about a profession, business, or industry. This article presents a sample assignment for informational interviews in a business communication course."""
0	"Deemer, E. D., et al. (2007). Counseling psychology students' interest in research: Examining the contribution of achievement goals."" Training and Education in Professional Psychology 1(3): 193-203."""	472	"Deemer, E. D., et al. (2007). """"Counseling psychology students' interest in research: Examining the contribution of achievement goals."""" Training and Education in Professional Psychology 1(3): 193-203."""""	" The purpose of this study was to examine the predictive utility of achievement goal theory relative to the outcome of interest in research. The sample consisted of 114 doctoral students in counseling psychology. Results indicated that achievement goals accounted for 24% of the variance in interest in research over and above demographic and social-cognitive/contextual variables. Mastery approach and performance avoidance goals were shown to be significant positive and negative predictors of interest in research, respectively. In addition, age, year in program, and research outcome expectations were found to be significantly associated with interest in research. Implications for research training are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Deemer, E. D., et al. (2011). Measuring students' perceptions of faculty competence in professional psychology: Development of the Perceived Faculty Competence Inventory."" Training and Education in Professional Psychology 5(1): 38-47."""	474	"Deemer, E. D., et al. (2011). """"Measuring students' perceptions of faculty competence in professional psychology: Development of the Perceived Faculty Competence Inventory."""" Training and Education in Professional Psychology 5(1): 38-47."""""	" [Correction Notice: An erratum for this article was reported in Vol 5(2) of Training and Education in Professional Psychology (see record [rid]2011-09655-004[/rid]). There were errors in Table 1 and Table 4. In Table 1, the factor loading of '-22.00' in Column 4 should have read '-22' In Table 4, under 'Variance' in the 'Program level PFCI' row, '.00' is not a significant value and therefore should not have asterisks after it.] This paper documents the development of a measure designed to assess doctoral students' perceptions of the professional competence of faculty in clinical, counseling, and school psychology. Study 1 yielded 33 items via principal components analysis that accounted for over 72% of the variance in the data across 5 domains: (a) Professionalism/Ethics  (b) Clinical Supervision  (c) Research  (d) Multicultural Competence  and (e) Advising/Mentoring. A confirmatory factor analysis in Study 2 provided support for the construct validity of the 5-factor model. Multilevel modeling was also used in Study 2 to demonstrate concurrent validity as aggregated group-level scores on the Perceived Faculty Competence Inventory were shown to explain significant variation in individual-level counselor and research self-efficacy. Implications for training and research in professional psychology are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Deemer, E. D., et al. (2014). Feeling the threat: Stereotype threat as a contextual barrier to women’s science career choice intentions."" Journal of Career Development 41(2): 141-158."""	473	"Deemer, E. D., et al. (2014). """"Feeling the threat: Stereotype threat as a contextual barrier to women’s science career choice intentions."""" Journal of Career Development 41(2): 141-158."""""	" Social cognitive career theory (SCCT  Lent, Brown, & Hackett, 1994, 2000) holds that contextual barriers inhibit self-efficacy and goal choice intentions from points both near and far from the active career development situation. The current study examined the influence of one such proximal barrier, stereotype threat, on attainment of these outcomes among women considering careers in science. Participants were female undergraduate students (N = 439) enrolled in chemistry and physics laboratory classes. As predicted, results indicated that stereotype threat exerted a significant negative indirect effect on women’s science career choice intentions in physics but not chemistry. Single-pathway models positing a chain of effects of stereotype threat via science self-efficacy and intentions to pursue undergraduate research were also shown to fit the data better than multiple-pathway models in both physics and chemistry. Implications for the career development of women in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"DeFina, P., et al. (2009). The new neuroscience frontier: Promoting neuroplasticity and brain repair in traumatic brain injury."" The Clinical Neuropsychologist 23(8): 1391-1399."""	475	"DeFina, P., et al. (2009). """"The new neuroscience frontier: Promoting neuroplasticity and brain repair in traumatic brain injury."""" The Clinical Neuropsychologist 23(8): 1391-1399."""""	" Increased awareness of traumatic brain injury (TBI) in the military, a persistent call for evidence-based treatment, and recent government funding have revealed new research opportunities in neuroscience. This paper describes a relatively new frontier for research: that of the facilitation or enhancement of neuroplasticity and brain repair in TBI using novel treatment protocols. Such protocols, algorithmically introduced, may be tailored to the individual through the matching of neuromarkers with specific interventions. Examples of neuromarkers and interventions employed for the purpose of neuromodulation are reported. Problems with lack of controlled studies and inferring causation in correlational research are noted. Healthy skepticism and open-minded creativity are needed so that we can think in unorthodox ways, create partnerships, harness available knowledge and expertise, and ultimately develop effective treatments. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"DeHaan, R. L. (2009). Teaching Creativity and Inventive Problem Solving in Science."" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 8(3): 172-181."""	476	"DeHaan, R. L. (2009). """"Teaching Creativity and Inventive Problem Solving in Science."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 8(3): 172-181."""""	" Engaging learners in the excitement of science, helping them discover the value of evidence-based reasoning and higher-order cognitive skills, and teaching them to become creative problem solvers have long been goals of science education reformers. But the means to achieve these goals, especially methods to promote creative thinking in scientific problem solving, have not become widely known or used. In this essay, I review the evidence that creativity is not a single hard-to-measure property. The creative process can be explained by reference to increasingly well-understood cognitive skills such as cognitive flexibility and inhibitory control that are widely distributed in the population. I explore the relationship between creativity and the higher-order cognitive skills, review assessment methods, and describe several instructional strategies for enhancing creative problem solving in the college classroom. Evidence suggests that instruction to support the development of creativity requires inquiry-based teaching that includes explicit strategies to promote cognitive flexibility. Students need to be repeatedly reminded and shown how to be creative, to integrate material across subject areas, to question their own assumptions, and to imagine other viewpoints and possibilities. Further research is required to determine whether college students' learning will be enhanced by these measures."""
0	"DeJong, B. P., et al. (2016). An Engineering Research Program for High School Science Teachers: Year Two Changes and Results."" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 17(1): 15-21."""	477	"DeJong, B. P., et al. (2016). """"An Engineering Research Program for High School Science Teachers: Year Two Changes and Results."""" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 17(1): 15-21."""""	" The research experiences for teachers program at Central Michigan University was initiated to team in-service and pre-service teachers with undergraduate engineering students and engineering faculty, in an engineering research setting. During the six-week program, teachers learn engineering concepts and develop high-school instructional material following the new Next Generation Science Standards, so they can bring experiences back to their high school science classrooms. The program has completed its second year. This paper presents a program overview, changes made for the second year based on first year results, assessment of the teachers' experiences and understanding of engineering, and lessons learned by everyone involved."""
0	"Delahanty, L. M. (2010). An expanded role for dietitians in maximising retention in nutrition and lifestyle intervention trials: Implications for clinical practice."" Journal of Human Nutrition and Dietetics 23(4): 336-343."""	478	"Delahanty, L. M. (2010). """"An expanded role for dietitians in maximising retention in nutrition and lifestyle intervention trials: Implications for clinical practice."""" Journal of Human Nutrition and Dietetics 23(4): 336-343."""""	" The demand for clinical trials targeting lifestyle intervention has increased as a result of the escalation in obesity, diabetes mellitus and cardiovascular disease. Little is published about the strategies that dietitians have used to successfully screen potential study volunteers, implement interventions and maximise adherence and retention in large multicentre National Institutes of Health funded nutrition and lifestyle intervention clinical trials. This paper discusses an expanded role for the contributions of dietitians as members of an interdisciplinary team based on research experiences in the Diabetes Control and Complications Trial, Diabetes Prevention Program and Look AHEAD (Action for Health in Diabetes). Many of the strategies and insights discussed are also relevant to effective clinical practice. Dietitians need to broaden their scope of practice so that they are integrated proactively into the screening and intervention phases of large clinical trials to maximise retention and adherence to assigned nutrition, lifestyle and behavioural interventions. The skills of dietitians are a unique fit for this work and it is important that investigators and project managers consider including them in both the screening and intervention phases of such clinical trials to maximise retention results. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Delaloye, A. B., et al. (2007). White paper of the European Association of Nuclear Medicine (EANM) and the European Society of Radiology (ESR) on multimodality imaging."" European Journal of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging 34(8): 1147-1151."""	479	"Delaloye, A. B., et al. (2007). """"White paper of the European Association of Nuclear Medicine (EANM) and the European Society of Radiology (ESR) on multimodality imaging."""" European Journal of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging 34(8): 1147-1151."""""	" Introduction New multimodality imaging systems bring together anatomical and molecular information and require the competency and accreditation of individuals from both nuclear medicine and radiology. Aim This paper sets out the positions and aspirations of the European Association of Nuclear Medicine (EANM) and the European Society of Radiology (ESR) working together on an equal and constructive basis for the future benefit of both specialties. Discussion EANM and ESR recognise the importance of coordinating working practices for multimodality imaging systems and that undertaking the nuclear medicine and radiology components of imaging with hybrid systems requires different skills. It is important to provide adequate and appropriate training in the two disciplines in order to offer a proper service to the patient using hybrid systems. Training models are proposed with the overall objective of providing opportunities for acquisition of special competency certification in multimodality imaging. Both organisations plan to develop common procedural guidelines and recognise the importance of coordinating the purchasing and management of hybrid systems to maximise the benefits to both specialties and to ensure appropriate reimbursement of these examinations. European multimodality imaging research is operating in a highly competitive environment. The coming years will decide whether European research in this area manages to defend its leading position or whether it falls behind research in other leading economies. Since research teams in the Member States are not always sufficiently interconnected, more European input is necessary to create interdisciplinary bridges between research institutions in Europe and to stimulate excellence. EANM and ESR will work with the European Institute for Biomedical Imaging Research (EIBIR) to develop further research opportunities across Europe. Recommendation European Union grant-funding bodies should allocate funds to joint research initiatives that encompass clinical research in diagnostic imaging in conjunction with research in mechanical and electronic engineering, informatics and biostatistics, and epidemiology."""
0	"Dellaportas, S., et al. (2014). Ethics Education in the Australian Accounting Curriculum: A Longitudinal Study Examining Barriers and Enablers."" Accounting Education 23(4): 362-382."""	480	"Dellaportas, S., et al. (2014). """"Ethics Education in the Australian Accounting Curriculum: A Longitudinal Study Examining Barriers and Enablers."""" Accounting Education 23(4): 362-382."""""	" The increasing significance of ethics in the accounting profession is evidenced by the seminal events that witnessed the collapse of major corporations (e.g. Enron and WorldCom)  regulatory interventions (e.g. Sarbanes-Oxley Act in the USA and the CLERP 9 Act in Australia)  and calls for increased ethics interventions in the accounting curriculum. This project has two objectives: to investigate the nature of ethics education in the Australian accounting curriculum and how it has changed from 2000 to 2012  and to analyse the barriers to enhancing ethics education by soliciting the opinions of Heads of Departments/Schools of Australian universities. Compared with early empirical evidence, universities responded to the call for ethics education with increased levels of ethics intervention, but had failed to enhance the extent of ethics education coverage in the intervening period in which the data were collected. The lack of qualified staff and research opportunities represent major obstacles to the enhancement of ethics education."""
0	"Demir, A. and S. K. Abell (2010). Views of inquiry: Mismatches between views of science education faculty and students of an alternative certification program."" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 47(6): 716-741."""	481	"Demir, A. and S. K. Abell (2010). """"Views of inquiry: Mismatches between views of science education faculty and students of an alternative certification program."""" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 47(6): 716-741."""""	" The purpose of this phenomenographic study was to: (a) gain an understanding of the meaning of inquiry held by beginning science teachers and their instructors in an Alternative Teacher Certification Program (ATCP)  and (b) compare science teachers' views of inquiry with what they learned in their ATCP. Participants were four beginning science teachers and two faculty members involved in teaching science methods courses in the ATCP. Semi-structured interviews, classroom observations, field notes, and written materials were the data sources. The primary data sources for the study were six to 15 hours of classroom observation of teaching and learning and approximately 8 hours of interviewing with each teacher. Interviews with each faculty member were also completed. These interviews required 60–75 minutes. A phenomenological data analysis approach [Uljens, M. (1996). On the philosophical foundation of phenomenography. In G. Dall'Alba & B. Hasselgren (Eds.), Reflections on Phenomenography—Toward a methodology? (pp. 105–130). Göteborg: Acta Universitatis Gothoburgensis] was used to complete qualitative analyses and categorical summaries of the data. The results showed that the teachers held rather incomplete views of inquiry-based teaching [National Research Council. (2000). Inquiry and the national science education standards. Washington, DC: National Academy Press], and these views were highly discrepant with the views of teacher education faculty. Implication of the findings for science teacher education and future research on the development of inquiry-based practices are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Desbrow, B., et al. (2014). Evaluation of a curriculum initiative designed to enhance the research training of dietetics graduates."" Nutrition & Dietetics 71(1): 57-63."""	482	"Desbrow, B., et al. (2014). """"Evaluation of a curriculum initiative designed to enhance the research training of dietetics graduates."""" Nutrition & Dietetics 71(1): 57-63."""""	" AimTo qualitatively evaluate a learning and teaching intervention for developing research and evaluation competencies, structured around the experience of having to conduct a significant research project. MethodsA qualitative study utilising semi-structured interviews among a sample of 25 recent graduates from Griffith University's Master of Nutrition and Dietetics Program. Interviews explored student motivations for doing the research major, the student's experience of the full-time semester long research project, and the actual and perceived outcomes of this experience. Interviews were audiotaped, transcribed verbatim, and thematically analysed via open coding and triangular analysis by three of the authors. ResultsAll of the graduates interviewed had conducted research projects across a range of practice settings. Motivations for electing to do the research major varied from disinterest in other options to an opportunity to taste-test' research, to develop research competencies and secure pathways to later research studies. The student learning experience was described as intense, stressful but rewarding and a steep learning curve. Graduates reported that they learned much more than research competencies during this process and many converted this research activity into a research output (journal article or conference abstract). Students reflected on the strong sense of achievement associated with research outputs and the competitive advantage it had provided on seeking graduate employment. ConclusionsIt is possible to develop graduate dietitians' research and evaluation competencies using curriculum initiatives that exploit experiential learning. Exposing students to the research practice cycle culminating in peer-reviewed publication builds research self-efficacy and positions students for good employment outcomes."""
0	"DeVaney, S. A. (2010). Editorial note."" Family and Consumer Sciences Research Journal 38(3): 255-255."""	483	"DeVaney, S. A. (2010). """"Editorial note."""" Family and Consumer Sciences Research Journal 38(3): 255-255."""""	" This issue includes three articles that were accepted for the special centennial issue (December 2009) and four articles that were recent submissions to Family and Consumer Sciences Research Journal (FCSRJ). The first article here by de Guzman et al. is about children’s health and wellbeing. In the second article, Ma and Pendergast investigated computer-based collaborative learning techniques in textiles education classes in Hong Kong. In the third article, Pendergast introduces tag clouds and folksonomies and shows how they were used to analyze the content of the IFHE (International Federation of Home Economics) Position Statement and the 2008 IFHE Proceedings. In the fourth article, Collins and her colleagues were interested in the perceptions of family and consumer sciences graduates who completed an undergraduate research project. In the final article, Piehowski and colleagues explored women’s attitudes toward osteoporosis and the health belief model. Readers are also invited to view the first virtual issue of FCSRJ. It is a collection of already published articles. The title is 'Families and Housing' and it is available at http://www.wiley.com/bw/vi.asp?ref=1077-727X&site=1. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Devi, V., et al. (2015). Short-term outcomes of a program developed to inculcate research essentials in undergraduate medical students."" Journal of Postgraduate Medicine 61(3): 163-168."""	484	"Devi, V., et al. (2015). """"Short-term outcomes of a program developed to inculcate research essentials in undergraduate medical students."""" Journal of Postgraduate Medicine 61(3): 163-168."""""	" Background: Participation in research during undergraduate studies may increase students' interest in research and inculcate research essentials in them. Aims: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness of the mentored student project (MSP) program. Settings and Design: In the MSP program, students in groups (n = 3 to 5) undertook a research project, wrote a scholarly report, and presented the work as a poster presentation with the help of a faculty mentor. To begin with, the logic model of the program was developed to identify short-term outcomes of the program on students, mentors, and the institution. A quasi-experimental design was used to measure the outcomes. Materials and Methods: A mixed method evaluation was done using a newly-developed questionnaire to assess the impact of the MSP on students' attitude, a multiple-choice question (MCQs) test to find out the impact on students' knowledge and grading of students' project reports and posters along with a survey to check the impact on skills. Students' satisfaction regarding the program and mentors' perceptions were collected using questionnaires. Evidence for validity was collected for all the instruments used for the evaluation. Statistical Analysis: Non-parametric tests were used to analyze data. Based on the scores, project reports and posters were graded into A (> 70% marks), B (60-69% marks), and C (< 59% marks) categories. The number of MSPs that resulted in publications, conference presentation and departmental collaborations were taken as impact on the institution. Results: Students' response rate was 91.5%. The students' attitudes regarding research changed positively (P = 0.036) and score in the MCQ test improved (P < 0.001) after undertaking MSP. Majority of project reports and posters were of grade A category. The majority of the items related to skills gained and satisfaction had a median score of 4. The MSPs resulted in inter-departmental and inter-institutional collaborations, 14 publications and 15 conference presentations. An area for improvement noted was to have the MSP implemented in the curriculum without increasing students' overall workload and stress. Conclusion: The study identified strengths and weaknesses of the MSP program. Our model of undergraduate research project may be incorporated in undergraduate medical programs to foster positive attitude and knowledge base about scientific research and to instil research skills among students."""
1	"Dewoolkar, M. M., et al. (2009). Vertical Integration of Service-Learning into Civil and Environmental Engineering Curricula."" International Journal of Engineering Education 25(6): 1257-1269."""	485	"Dewoolkar, M. M., et al. (2009). """"Vertical Integration of Service-Learning into Civil and Environmental Engineering Curricula."""" International Journal of Engineering Education 25(6): 1257-1269."""""	" Department level reform efforts funded by the National Science Foundation were instituted for the civil and environmental engineering (CEE) programs at the University of Vermont. The overall goal of the reform was to educate and have students apply a systems approach to civil and environmental problems. A key strategy for practicing a systems approach was through service-learning (S-L) projects that were introduced into existing courses. The reform began in 2005 and now includes S-L projects in required courses in each of the four years of the programs. Students have worked with community partners (e. g. Vermont towns and non-profit organizations) on inquiry-based, open-ended, real-world S-L projects. Student work and assessments showed that the S-L projects provided ideal platforms for CEE undergraduate students to grasp systems concepts while accomplishing academic goals, civic engagement and improving personal/interpersonal skills. The S-L projects also contributed toward meeting the program accreditation criteria (ABET outcomes 3a-k)."""
0	Dholakia, U. M. (2010). A CRITICAL REVIEW OF QUESTION-BEHAVIOR EFFECT RESEARCH. Review of Marketing Research, Vol 7. N. K. Malhotra. 7: 145-197.	486	Dholakia, U. M. (2010). A CRITICAL REVIEW OF QUESTION-BEHAVIOR EFFECT RESEARCH. Review of Marketing Research, Vol 7. N. K. Malhotra. 7: 145-197.	" This chapter review research on the question-behavior effect, the phenomenon that asking questions influences respondents' behavior. Two distinct research streams, the self-prophecy effect, concerned with socially normative behaviors, and the mere measurement effect, dealing with purchase behaviors without socially normative significance, are identified. Despite the recent attempt at integration, it is argued that there are fundamental differences between the two effects. Distinctions are also drawn between lab-based and field-based mere measurement effects, and between normatively consistent and implicit attitude-driven, normatively inconsistent self-prophecy effects. Key studies, theoretical explanations, and moderators of each effect are discussed, potential unanswered questions and research opportunities and identified, and significant managerial and policy implications are highlighted."""
0	"Dholakia, U. M., et al. (2009). Communal service delivery: How customers benefit from participation in firm-hosted virtual P3 communities."" Journal of Service Research 12(2): 208-226."""	487	"Dholakia, U. M., et al. (2009). """"Communal service delivery: How customers benefit from participation in firm-hosted virtual P3 communities."""" Journal of Service Research 12(2): 208-226."""""	" Firm-hosted virtual peer-to-peer problem solving (P3) communities offer a low-cost, credible, and effective means of delivering education and ongoing assistance services to customers of complex, frequently evolving products. Building upon the social constructivist view on learning and drawing from literature on the firm-customer relationship in services marketing, we distinguish between functional and social benefits received by P3 community participants and study the central role of learning in influencing these benefit perceptions. The proposed model is tested on data gathered from 2,299 active members of a P3 community hosted by a global online auction firm, and the framework’s generalizability is demonstrated using a sample of 204 members of a global business-to-business (B2B) software firm’s P3 community. Based on the results, specific recommendations are provided to marketers interested in implementing service support programs via customer communities, and future research opportunities are explored. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Diaconu, D. V., et al. (2012). A Multi-Year Study of the Impact of the Rice Model Teacher Professional Development on Elementary Science Teachers."" International Journal of Science Education 34(6): 855-877."""	488	"Diaconu, D. V., et al. (2012). """"A Multi-Year Study of the Impact of the Rice Model Teacher Professional Development on Elementary Science Teachers."""" International Journal of Science Education 34(6): 855-877."""""	" A teacher professional development program for in-service elementary school science teachers, the Rice Elementary Model Science Lab (REMSL), was developed for urban school districts serving predominately high-poverty, high-minority students. Teachers with diverse skills and science capacities came together in Professional Learning Communities, one full day each week throughout an academic year, to create a classroom culture for science instruction. Approximately 80 teachers each year received professional development in science content and pedagogy using the same inquiry-based constructivist methods that the teachers were expected to use in their classrooms. During this four-year study, scientists and educators worked with elementary teachers in a year-long model science lab environment to provide science content and science pedagogy. The effectiveness of the program was measured using a mix of quantitative and qualitative methods that allowed the researchers to triangulate the findings from quantitative measures, such as content test and surveys, with the emerging themes from the qualitative instruments, such as class observations and participant interviews. Results showed that, in all four years, teachers from the REMSL Treatment group have significantly increased their science content knowledge (p < 0.05). During the last two years, their gains in science content knowledge, use of inquiry-based instruction and leadership skills were significantly higher than those of the Control group teachers' (p < 0.01, p < 0.001 and p < 0.05, respectively). Three themes resonated in the interviews with participants: science content knowledge growth, constructivist pedagogy and leadership skills."""
0	"DiAnne Borders, L., et al. (2014). Research training in doctoral programs accredited by the Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Programs."" Counselor Education and Supervision 53(2): 145-160."""	489	"DiAnne Borders, L., et al. (2014). """"Research training in doctoral programs accredited by the Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Programs."""" Counselor Education and Supervision 53(2): 145-160."""""	" Faculty in 38 doctoral counselor education programs accredited by the Council for Accreditation of Counseling and Related Educational Programs identified the quantitative and qualitative designs and other research topics that were covered in required and elective course work, discipline of course instructors, and opportunities for doctoral students’ hands‐on research experience. Results indicated a wide range of research training offerings and modest faculty satisfaction. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"DiBartolo, P. M., et al. (2016). Principles and Practices Fostering Inclusive Excellence: Lessons from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Capstone Institutions."" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 15(3)."""	490	"DiBartolo, P. M., et al. (2016). """"Principles and Practices Fostering Inclusive Excellence: Lessons from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Capstone Institutions."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 15(3)."""""	" Best-practices pedagogy in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) aims for inclusive excellence that fosters student persistence. This paper describes principles of inclusivity across 11 primarily undergraduate institutions designated as Capstone Awardees in Howard Hughes Medical Institute's (HHMI) 2012 competition. The Capstones represent a range of institutional missions, student profiles, and geographical locations. Each successfully directed activities toward persistence of STEM students, especially those from traditionally underrepresented groups, through a set of common elements: mentoring programs to build community  research experiences to strengthen scientific skill/identity  attention to quantitative skills  and outreach/bridge programs to broaden the student pool. This paper grounds these program elements in learning theory, emphasizing their essential principles with examples of how they were implemented within institutional contexts. We also describe common assessment approaches that in many cases informed programming and created traction for stakeholder buy-in. The lessons learned from our shared experiences in pursuit of inclusive excellence, including the resources housed on our companion website, can inform others' efforts to increase access to and persistence in STEM in higher education."""
0	"Dibattista, L. and F. Morgese (2013). Introducing History (and Philosophy) of Science in the Classroom: A Field Research Experience in Italy."" Science & Education 22(3): 543-576."""	491	"Dibattista, L. and F. Morgese (2013). """"Introducing History (and Philosophy) of Science in the Classroom: A Field Research Experience in Italy."""" Science & Education 22(3): 543-576."""""	" For quite some time, many EU and Italian Ministry of Education official documents have warmly suggested the introduction of the history and the philosophy of science in the teaching of science disciplines at school. Accordingly, there is a shared agreement between pedagogists and science historians about the efficacy of this approach towards an understanding of the current curriculum content and the Nature of Science. What is missing, at least in Italy, is a concrete fieldwork in the classroom to show the validity of these declarations. This essay is a report of the experience of introducing history and philosophy of science into junior and senior high school classrooms in Apulia (Italy). The aims of this project are: (a) to build a model of research involving high school teachers and university lecturers in the design and construction of teaching units that use the story of science and epistemology for teaching science and (b) produce evidence that this approach is effective in getting more interest from students in science. We relied on many schools for carrying out the historical-scientific teaching modules. The modules were carried out through the case study approach. In the first phase, the participating teachers were trained by University tutors on the modalities of this particular teaching approach. In the second phase, the teachers carried out the modules in their classes and finally these modules were presented in a conclusive conference. Moreover, we evaluated the efficacy of the intervention through specifically created agreement questionnaires."""
0	"DiBiase, W. and J. R. McDonald (2015). Science Teacher Attitudes toward Inquiry-Based Teaching and Learning."" Clearing House: A Journal of Educational Strategies, Issues and Ideas 88(2): 29-38."""	492	"DiBiase, W. and J. R. McDonald (2015). """"Science Teacher Attitudes toward Inquiry-Based Teaching and Learning."""" Clearing House: A Journal of Educational Strategies, Issues and Ideas 88(2): 29-38."""""	" The purpose of this study was to determine teachers' attitudes, values, and beliefs about inquiry. The participants of this study were 275 middle grade and secondary science teachers from four districts in North Carolina. Issues such as class size, accountability, curricular demands, and administrative support are perceived as constraints, impeding the use of inquiry. These are the issues that must be effectively dealt with in the professional education and professional development of all science teachers."""
1	"Dicianno, B. E., et al. (2016). Processes and Outcomes from a Medical Student Research Training Program in Integrative, Complementary, and Alternative Medicine."" American Journal of Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation 95(10): 779-786."""	493	"Dicianno, B. E., et al. (2016). """"Processes and Outcomes from a Medical Student Research Training Program in Integrative, Complementary, and Alternative Medicine."""" American Journal of Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation 95(10): 779-786."""""	" In response to the growing need to train a new generation of clinician scientists, a research program was developed to train medical students in integrative, complementary, and alternative medicine (ICAM) research early in their careers. A total of 25 students (100%) successfully completed a 10-week program. Students reported significantly increased levels of knowledge in all 7 integrative, complementary, and alternative medicine topics at the conclusion of the program. All students presented their work at one or more local research symposia. In addition, the average number of quality research outputs, which included manuscripts, awards, and abstracts presented at national and international meetings, was 1.5 per student, which exceeded benchmarks based on prior program outcomes. Results from this program may be useful when planning larger or longer-term projects aimed at attracting physicians who will become our next generation of academicians, researchers, and healers."""
0	"Dickert, N. W., et al. (2013). Enrollment in research under exception from informed consent: The Patients' Experiences in Emergency Research (PEER) study."" Resuscitation 84(10): 1416-1421."""	494	"Dickert, N. W., et al. (2013). """"Enrollment in research under exception from informed consent: The Patients' Experiences in Emergency Research (PEER) study."""" Resuscitation 84(10): 1416-1421."""""	" Background: Resuscitation research requires an exception from informed consent (EFIC). Despite concerns that patients may find EFIC unacceptable, the views and experiences of patients enrolled in an EFIC study are largely unknown. Methods: The Patients' Experience in Emergency Research (PEER) study was nested within the Rapid Anticonvulsant Medication Prior to Arrival Trial (RAMPART) for pre-hospital treatment of status epilepticus. PEER included 61 EFIC enrollees or their surrogates from 5 sites. Interviews used a structured, interactive guide focusing on acceptance of EFIC enrollment in RAMPART and existing regulatory protections. Simple statistics were generated, and textual data were analyzed for common themes. Results: 24 enrolled patients and 37 surrogates were successfully interviewed. 49/60 (82%) were glad they or their family member were included in RAMPART  54/57 (95%) felt research on emergency seizure treatment is important. 43/59 (73%) found their inclusion under EFIC acceptable  10 (17%) found it unacceptable, and 6 (10%) were neutral. There were no statistically significant interactions between enrollment attitudes and demographic characteristics, though there were trends toward lower acceptance among interviewees who were non-white, less educated, or had prior research experience. The most common concerns related to lack of consent prior to RAMPART enrollment. Positive responses related to perceived medical benefits, recognition of the impracticality of consent, and wanting doctors to do what needs to be done in emergencies. Many participants had difficulty understanding the trial and EFIC. Conclusions: Most subjects had positive views of enrollment, and acceptance generally correlated with results of community consultation studies. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved."""
0	"Dickinson, E. R., et al. (2012). Gender balance, representativeness, and statistical power in sexuality research using undergraduate student samples."" Archives of Sexual Behavior 41(2): 325-327."""	495	"Dickinson, E. R., et al. (2012). """"Gender balance, representativeness, and statistical power in sexuality research using undergraduate student samples."""" Archives of Sexual Behavior 41(2): 325-327."""""	" This issue of Archives of Sexual Behavior focuses on gender balance, representativeness, and statistical power in sexuality research using undergraduate student samples. It is well documented that a great deal of psychological research, including the study of sexual behavior, relies on undergraduate students for its study participants. In many ways, undergraduate students are an ideal sample for understanding sexual behavior as this is developmentally consistent for young adults. Beyond providing an inexpensive and readily available source of research subjects, the use of student pools has also been justified by the educational benefits it provides to students who participate, such as increased knowledge about contemporary psychology and research ethics. However, there are also a couple of central concerns with the use of undergraduate student participants, namely gender imbalances and the representativeness of the samples. Researchers are often concerned with obtaining balanced samples, equally or nearly equally-sized subgroups. Although such a concern is well-rooted in statistical theory, it can pose limitations for those who rely largely on undergraduate student samples, as undergraduates are often given the opportunity to self-select into particular research studies. Undergraduate research pools is overrepresented by women, freshman and psychology majors. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	Dickinson, M. and D. Dickinson (2015). RECONFIGURING AFFECTIVE, CONATIVE AND COGNITIVE OUTCOMES IN IBL: A MULTIDISCIPLINARY CASE STUDY. Inquiry-Based Learning for Multidisciplinary Programs: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 3: 297-320.	496	Dickinson, M. and D. Dickinson (2015). RECONFIGURING AFFECTIVE, CONATIVE AND COGNITIVE OUTCOMES IN IBL: A MULTIDISCIPLINARY CASE STUDY. Inquiry-Based Learning for Multidisciplinary Programs: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 3: 297-320.	" The reported inquiry-based learning (IBL) study was designed in 2012-2013 for the highest achieving undergraduate students at a research-intensive university in the United Kingdom (U.K.). In 2005, the University received national funding from the U.K. Higher Education Academy (HEA) to develop an innovative model of IBL to be used in a multidisciplinary context (Tosey, 2006). As a consequence, IBL was an obvious tool when, in 2012, the authors set out to design learning interventions to improve the teamwork and leadership skills of high-attaining students. In the process of exploring the application of IBL to this task, the need to ensure the intervention allowed for development in the conative domain was considered important. Historically, IBL practice at the University had catered well for cognitive and affective learning but had not been focussed to develop conation. A conative-heavy element was therefore purposefully designed into the latest IBL intervention."""
0	"Dickson, M. and H. Kadbey (2014). ""That's Not the Way I Was Taught Science at School!"" How Preservice Primary Teachers in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Are Affected by Their Own Schooling Experiences."" Science Education International 25(3): 332-350."""	497	"Dickson, M. and H. Kadbey (2014). """"""""That's Not the Way I Was Taught Science at School!"""" How Preservice Primary Teachers in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates Are Affected by Their Own Schooling Experiences."""" Science Education International 25(3): 332-350."""""	" Government schools in Abu Dhabi, as part of widescale educational reforms undertaken in the whole of the United Arab Emirates (UAE), have undergone significant change since 2007 across cycles and across subjects including science. Science had been taught historically in the UAE using fairly traditional ""chalk and talk"""", teacher-centered approaches. Nowadays, schools under Abu Dhabi Educational Council (ADEC) favour a modern approach towards teaching science, with new teachers being required to be proficient in teaching science skills such as inquiry-based learning in order to implement the curriculum effectively. However, there is a wide body of literature research to suggest that pre-service teachers hold beliefs about science education embedded from their own experience prior to their teacher-training, particularly from their own schooling experience, which can be difficult to overturn. In a didactic schooling system, Emirati pre-service teachers may have had few role models of the kind of teacher they will be required to be when they take up a post with ADEC upon graduation. We explored the schooling experiences of the first and fourth year pre-service teachers in our training college, comparing their teaching and learning experiences for differences due to the reforms in the UAE, and explored the ways in which these experiences may influence kind of science teacher they will become."""""
0	"Diersen, G. T. (2011). Team Echinacea & Construction of a Key Using Online Images of Fresh Prairie Plant Pollen."" American Biology Teacher 73(1): 35-38."""	498	"Diersen, G. T. (2011). """"Team Echinacea & Construction of a Key Using Online Images of Fresh Prairie Plant Pollen."""" American Biology Teacher 73(1): 35-38."""""	" In the summer of 2009, as an RET (Research Experience for Teachers), I joined the research team studying Echinacea angustifolia by assisting with ongoing research. I also prepared botanical collections for my classroom. These collections consist of flowering botanical specimens and prepared slides of fresh pollen from each plant. Digital images of fresh pollen from these plants were captured to build an online digital pollen library. A portion of the online pollen images serves as an original dichotomous key to be constructed by students in 10th grade Biology. This article describes the field activities of the research team and the process for the plant and pollen collection as well as instructions for the pollen lesson implementation. The national content standards (9-12) for history and nature of science involved are G.1: ""Develop an understanding of science as a human endeavor"""" and G.2: """"Develop an understanding of the nature of scientific knowledge."""""""""
1	"Dillner, D. K., et al. (2011). Integrated Laboratories: Laying the Foundation for Undergraduate Research Experiences."" Journal of Chemical Education 88(12): 1623-1629."""	499	"Dillner, D. K., et al. (2011). """"Integrated Laboratories: Laying the Foundation for Undergraduate Research Experiences."""" Journal of Chemical Education 88(12): 1623-1629."""""	" Interest in undergraduate student research has grown in response to initiatives from various professional societies and educational organizations. Participation in research changes student attitudes towards courses as they realize the utility and relevance of what they are learning. At the U.S. Naval Academy, the chemistry majors' curriculum was redesigned to require fourth-year projects of all the majors. The restructured laboratory curriculum is based on four semesters of integrated laboratory, a sequence organized around broad themes in chemistry such as separation and purification, synthesis, qualitative analysis, quantitative analysis, and so forth rather than traditional subdisciplines within chemistry. The integrated laboratory curriculum has facilitated the inclusion of a research or capstone experience for all the chemistry majors. The two tracks for the fourth-year chemistry majors to participate in projects are described. The development of these options, challenges with implementation, outcomes, and advice to other institutions are discussed. These changes required significant effort in redesigning the curriculum and the acceptance of undergraduate research as a culminating experience worthy of faculty and administrative support. However, the effort was justified as the number of chemistry majors has increased, students seem more satisfied with the major, interactions between students and faculty have increased, and research productivity seems to have been enhanced. (Contains 3 tables and 2 figures.)"""
0	"DiLucchio, C., et al. (2014). Teacher Research at the Middle Level: Strengthening the Essential Attributes of Education for Young Adolescents."" Current Issues in Middle Level Education 19(1): 6-12."""	500	"DiLucchio, C., et al. (2014). """"Teacher Research at the Middle Level: Strengthening the Essential Attributes of Education for Young Adolescents."""" Current Issues in Middle Level Education 19(1): 6-12."""""	" Teacher research (practitioner inquiry) is an effective form of professional development for middle level teachers. Through teacher research, classroom teachers develop the skills needed to demonstrate mastery of the performance standards for middle level master teacher candidates. Using well-established research methods, middle level educators conduct classroom inquiry projects to investigate their teaching and their students' experiences and learning. This article explains the work of 4th to 9th grade teacher researchers who investigated: (a) new teaching methods or curriculum, (b) approaches to teaching that allow for teachers to meet the needs of all learners, (c) transitions for young adolescents or teachers, and (d) experiences that support young adolescents' thinking and development. In order to describe the teacher research model, two middle level educators share their experiences of conducting research in their 5th grade classrooms. Throughout the article, the authors draw connections between middle level teachers' research experiences, student and teacher learning."""
0	"DiLullo, C., et al. (2009). Clinical Competencies and the Basic Sciences: An Online Case Tutorial Paradigm for Delivery of Integrated Clinical and Basic Science Content."" Anatomical Sciences Education 2(5): 238-243."""	501	"DiLullo, C., et al. (2009). """"Clinical Competencies and the Basic Sciences: An Online Case Tutorial Paradigm for Delivery of Integrated Clinical and Basic Science Content."""" Anatomical Sciences Education 2(5): 238-243."""""	" Understanding the relevance of basic science knowledge in the determination of patient assessment, diagnosis, and treatment is critical to good medical practice. One method often used to direct students in the fundamental process of integrating basic science and clinical information is problem-based learning (PBL). The faculty facilitated small group discussion format traditionally used for PBL is a significant challenge for faculty and facilities with a large class. To provide inductive learning to a large class early in the preclerkship curriculum, a series of online, case-based tutorials was created using the method of inquiry-based learning. The tutorial paradigm is designed to challenge students through a guided inquiry process in which clinical skills and basic science information are seamlessly joined. The psychosocial dimension of patient care is added to the documented case presentation of the tutorials in the form of patient/physician history taking and physical examination videos. These videos augment the written case with additional information providing the student with visual exposure in methods of patient communication and appropriate professional patient/physician interactions that address competencies of patient care, communication, and professionalism. The tutorials were made available via learning management system course sites. The study tracked usage of the tutorials by 270 first-year medical students. (Contains 3 figures.)"""
0	"Dimitriadis, S. and C. Koritos (2014). Core service versus relational benefits: what matters most?"" Service Industries Journal 34(13): 1092-1112."""	502	"Dimitriadis, S. and C. Koritos (2014). """"Core service versus relational benefits: what matters most?"""" Service Industries Journal 34(13): 1092-1112."""""	" Services literature has extensively examined the effects of core service and relational benefits on behavioral outcomes arguing that both components, studied separately, contribute significantly to customer satisfaction and loyalty. However, an integrative examination of the relative importance of both core service and relational benefits is missing. This study examines the combined impact of an extended typology of core service and relational benefits on satisfaction and relational outcomes. One qualitative and one quantitative study are conducted within a banking context. Findings confirm a more extensive typology of relational benefits and reveal that competence (part of the trust benefit) and convenience significantly affect satisfaction  however, when core service is introduced to the model, the effect of relational benefits ceases to be significant. Several future research opportunities for an integrated service benefits approach are identified  and implications for managers on how to allocate their efforts across the various types of service benefits are discussed."""
1	"Ditty, J. L., et al. (2013). Integrating Grant-Funded Research into the Undergraduate Biology Curriculum Using IMG-ACT."" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 41(1): 16-23."""	503	"Ditty, J. L., et al. (2013). """"Integrating Grant-Funded Research into the Undergraduate Biology Curriculum Using IMG-ACT."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 41(1): 16-23."""""	" It has become clear in current scientific pedagogy that the emersion of students in the scientific process in terms of designing, implementing, and analyzing experiments is imperative for their education "" as such, it has been our goal to model this active learning process in the classroom and laboratory in the context of a genuine scientific question. Toward this objective, the National Science Foundation funded a collaborative research grant between a primarily undergraduate institution and a research-intensive institution to study the chemotactic responses of the bacterium """"Pseudomonas putida"""" F1. As part of the project, a new Bioinformatics course was developed in which undergraduates annotate relevant regions of the """"P. putida"""" F1 genome using Integrated Microbial Genomes Annotation Collaboration Toolkit, a bioinformatics interface specifically developed for undergraduate programs by the Department of Energy Joint Genome Institute. Based on annotations of putative chemotaxis genes in """"P. putida"""" F1 and comparative genomics studies, undergraduate students from both institutions developed functional genomics research projects that evolved from the annotations. The purpose of this study is to describe the nature of the NSF grant, the development of the Bioinformatics lecture and wet laboratory course, and how undergraduate student involvement in the project that was initiated in the classroom has served as a springboard for independent undergraduate research projects. (Contains 3 figures, 1 table, and 1 footnote.)"""""
0	"Dixon, P. and R. A. Wilke (2007). The Influence of a Teacher Research Experience on Elementary Teachers' Thinking and Instruction."" Journal of Elementary Science Education 19(1): 25-43."""	504	"Dixon, P. and R. A. Wilke (2007). """"The Influence of a Teacher Research Experience on Elementary Teachers' Thinking and Instruction."""" Journal of Elementary Science Education 19(1): 25-43."""""	" The purpose of this study was to investigate whether and how elementary teachers' thinking and instruction changed as a result of a teacher research experience. Each teacher worked with a scientist conducting research for a period of six weeks. Data in the form of classroom observations and interviews was collected before and after the research experience. Also, document analysis of journals kept during the research experience was conducted. Case studies for three elementary teachers describe the specific changes to thinking and instruction that resulted from the research experience and how such changes differed between beginning and experienced elementary teachers. (Contains 1 table.)"""
1	"Docan-Morgan, T. (2010). ""You're a Grounded Theorist for the Day"": Teaching Students the Grounded Theory Approach."" Communication Teacher 24(4): 203-207."""	505	"Docan-Morgan, T. (2010). """"""""You're a Grounded Theorist for the Day"""": Teaching Students the Grounded Theory Approach."""" Communication Teacher 24(4): 203-207."""""	" Undergraduate research experience offers students a host of benefits including: (a) improving interpersonal and technical skills  (b) fostering independent learning and analytical abilities "" and (c) creating close personal connections with faculty members. However, Rodrick and Dickmeyer (2002) suggest that, """"although communication educators recognize the value of introducing research and scholarship to undergraduate students, there is likely to be resistance from students themselves."""" Some students, for example, may fear learning statistics or complain that research has no relevance to their life goals. This article describes a well-received classroom activity for teaching grounded theory, a qualitative research method that aims to generate theory from a set of data. The aim of this activity is for students to understand and engage in the grounded theory research method. A list of references and suggested readings is included."""""
0	"Dodani, S. and R. E. LaPorte (2008). Ways to strengthen research capacity in developing countries: Effectiveness of a research training workshop in Pakistan."" Public Health 122(6): 578-587."""	507	"Dodani, S. and R. E. LaPorte (2008). """"Ways to strengthen research capacity in developing countries: Effectiveness of a research training workshop in Pakistan."""" Public Health 122(6): 578-587."""""	" Background: Developing countries are currently facing the burden of both communicable and non-communicable diseases. Physician–scientists, trained in patient care and research skills, are crucial in performing cutting-edge clinical research in developing countries. A major, unmet challenge has been lack of local expertise and the increasing problem of ‘brain drain’. Objective: The objective of this study was to present and assess a model of research training for healthcare professionals in Pakistan in order to increase research skills. Methods: A 9-day research training workshop was offered to healthcare professionals in Pakistan using face-to-face (F2F) and video-teleconferencing (VTC) methods. In total, 38 F2F and 18 VTC participants were included in the workshop, which was conducted by research faculty from the University of Pittsburgh. The study measured short- and long-term effectiveness of research training. The training included courses in basic epidemiology, biostatistics, genetic epidemiology and international health. Results: A significant improvement in post-test scores was seen in both the F2F and VTC groups (P < 0.001). In the F2F group, mean scores increased from 11.13 (pre-test) to 15.08 (post-test 1), and in the VTC group, mean scores increased from 10.67 (pre-test) to 13.22 (post-test 1). Two-sample t-tests indicated that these results were statistically significant (P < 0.001). Two-way repeated measure analysis of variance in both groups showed significant changes in mean scores over time (P < 0.001). Conclusion: This model for training physicians in public health by providing in-house research training can be used to strengthen local capacity and reduce increasing problems of ‘brain drain’. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Dodani, S., et al. (2009). Effectiveness of research training workshop taught by traditional and video-teleconference methods in a developing country."" Global Public Health: An International Journal for Research, Policy and Practice 4(1): 82-95."""	506	"Dodani, S., et al. (2009). """"Effectiveness of research training workshop taught by traditional and video-teleconference methods in a developing country."""" Global Public Health: An International Journal for Research, Policy and Practice 4(1): 82-95."""""	" The developing countries are currently facing a double burden of communicable and non-communicable diseases. Physician-scientists, trained in patient care and research skills are crucial in performing cutting-edge clinical research in the developing countries. A major unmet challenge has been the lack of local expertise and the increasing problem of 'brain drain'. The current study was an effort to present and assess a model of research training to health-care professionals in Pakistan in order to increase the research skills. The objective of the current study was to assess the effectiveness of two different methods of research training. An epidemiologic research training workshop was offered to health-care professionals in Pakistan by face-to-face (F2F) and video-teleconferencing (VTC) methods. A total of 38 F2F and 18 VTC participants were included in the workshop which was conducted by research faculty from the University of Pittsburgh. To assess knowledge, pre- and post-test were done. Within each group, paired sample T-test showed significant improvement in scores after the completion of workshop (p < 0.001 for F2F and VTC). In the F2F group, mean scores increased from 11.13 (pre-test) to 15.08 (post-test) and in the VTC group, scores increased from 10.67 (pre-test) to 13.22 (post-test). Two sample T-test was found statistically significant (p < 0.001). We present a model for training physicians in public health by providing in-house research skills training which can be used to strengthen the local capacity and reduce increasing problems of brain drain. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Dodani, S., et al. (2012). Building research capacity in developing countries: Cost-effectiveness of an epidemiology course taught by traditional and video-teleconferencing methods in Pakistan."" Telemedicine and e-Health 18(8): 621-628."""	508	"Dodani, S., et al. (2012). """"Building research capacity in developing countries: Cost-effectiveness of an epidemiology course taught by traditional and video-teleconferencing methods in Pakistan."""" Telemedicine and e-Health 18(8): 621-628."""""	" Background: Building research capacity in developing countries using cost-effective methods has been recognized as an important pillar for the production of a sound evidence base for decision-making in policy and practice. We assessed the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of a research training course conducted using traditional methods as well as the video-teleconferencing fVTC) method in Pakistan. Subjects and Methods: A 9-day epidemiology research training course was offered to physicians in Pakistan (92%) and Bangladesh (8%). The course was taught using (I) a traditional classroom face-to face (F2F) method at the Aga Khan University, Karachi, Pakistan, and (2) the VTC method at two medical institutions within Pakistan. In total, 40 participants were selected for the F2F group and 46 for the VTC group. Outcome parameters were assessed pre- and post-course (short-term) as well as after 1 year (long-term). Costs of conducting the training by both methods were also identified using cost-effectiveness analysis. Results: The total study sample included 56 participants (F2F n = 38, VTC n = 18) for the short-term and 49 participants for the long-term assessment. After the end of the course (Day 9), mean post-test I scores showed significant improvement in both groups: 15.08 ± 1.75 in FlF (p = 0.001) versus 13.122 ± 1.87 in VTC (p = 0.00I). Mean scores I year after the course (post-test 2) were lower than mean post-test 1 scores in both groups (13.42 ± 2.61 in F2F versus 12.31 ± 2.08 in VTC) but were higher than the baseline pretest scores. The total incremental cost per score gained was higher for the VTC group for both short-term (VTC incremental cost was $166/score gained) and long-term [VTC incremental cost was $458/score gained) course effectiveness. Conclusions: The use ofetechnologies in developing countries proves to be an effective way of building capacity and reducing the problems of brain drain. This initial study provides a foundation from which larger studies may be developed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Dodick, J., et al. (2009). Understanding Scientific Methodology in the Historical and Experimental Sciences via Language Analysis."" Science & Education 18(8): 985-1004."""	509	"Dodick, J., et al. (2009). """"Understanding Scientific Methodology in the Historical and Experimental Sciences via Language Analysis."""" Science & Education 18(8): 985-1004."""""	" A key focus of current science education reforms involves developing inquiry-based learning materials. However, without an understanding of how working scientists actually ""do"""" science, such learning materials cannot be properly developed. Until now, research on scientific reasoning has focused on cognitive studies of individual scientific fields. However, the question remains as to whether scientists in different fields fundamentally rely on different methodologies. Although many philosophers and historians of science do indeed assert that there is no single monolithic scientific method, this has never been tested empirically. We therefore approach this problem by analyzing patterns of language used by scientists in their published work. Our results demonstrate systematic variation in language use between types of science that are thought to differ in their characteristic methodologies. The features of language use that were found correspond closely to a proposed distinction between """"Experimental Sciences"""" (e.g., chemistry) and """"Historical Sciences"""" (e.g., paleontology)""  thus, different underlying rhetorical and conceptual mechanisms likely operate for scientific reasoning and communication in different contexts."""
0	"Dolan, E. and D. Johnson (2009). Toward a Holistic View of Undergraduate Research Experiences: An Exploratory Study of Impact on Graduate/Postdoctoral Mentors."" Journal of Science Education and Technology 18(6): 487-500."""	510	"Dolan, E. and D. Johnson (2009). """"Toward a Holistic View of Undergraduate Research Experiences: An Exploratory Study of Impact on Graduate/Postdoctoral Mentors."""" Journal of Science Education and Technology 18(6): 487-500."""""	" Involvement in research has become a fixture in undergraduate science education across the United States. Graduate and postdoctoral students are often called upon to mentor undergraduates at research universities, yet mentoring relationships in undergraduate-graduate/postdoctoral student dyads and undergraduate-graduate/postdoctoral student-faculty triads have been largely unexamined. Here, we present findings of an exploratory case study framed by relational theory that identifies the motives, gains, and challenges reported by graduate/postdoctoral students who mentored undergraduates in research. Graduate/postdoctoral mentors experienced a wide range of gains, including improved qualifications and career preparation, cognitive and socioemotional growth, improved teaching and communication skills, and greater enjoyment of their own apprenticeship experience. Notably, graduate/postdoctoral mentors reported twice as many gains as challenges, neither of which were limited by their motives for mentoring. Indeed, their motives were fairly narrow and immediate, focusing on how mentoring would serve as a means to an end, while the gains and challenges they reported indicated a longer-term vision of how mentoring influenced their personal, cognitive, and professional growth. We propose that understanding the impact of mentoring undergraduates on the education and training of graduate/postdoctoral students may uncover new ideas about the benefits reaped through undergraduate research experiences."""
0	"Dolan, E. L. and D. Johnson (2010). The Undergraduate-Postgraduate-Faculty Triad: Unique Functions and Tensions Associated with Undergraduate Research Experiences at Research Universities."" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 9(4): 543-553."""	511	"Dolan, E. L. and D. Johnson (2010). """"The Undergraduate-Postgraduate-Faculty Triad: Unique Functions and Tensions Associated with Undergraduate Research Experiences at Research Universities."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 9(4): 543-553."""""	" We present an exploratory study of how undergraduates' involvement in research influences postgraduates (i.e., graduate and postdoctoral researchers) and faculty. We used a qualitative approach to examine the relationships among undergraduates, postgraduates, and the faculty head in a research group. In this group, undergraduates viewed postgraduates as more approachable than the faculty head both literally and figuratively. Mentorship by postgraduates presented unique challenges for undergraduates, including unrealistic expectations and varying abilities to mentor. The postgraduates and faculty head concurred that undergraduates contributed to the group's success and served as a source of frustration. Postgraduates appreciated the opportunity to observe multiple approaches to mentoring as they saw the faculty head and other postgraduates interact with undergraduates. The faculty head viewed undergraduate research as important for propagating the research community and for gaining insights into undergraduates and their postgraduate mentors. These results highlight how the involvement of undergraduates and postgraduates in research can limit and enhance the research experiences of members of the undergraduate-postgraduate-faculty triad. A number of tensions emerge that we hypothesize are intrinsic to undergraduate research experiences at research universities. Future studies can focus on determining the generalizability of these findings to other groups and disciplines."""
0	"Dolan, S., et al. (2007). Genomics for health in preconception and prenatal periods."" Journal of Nursing Scholarship 39(1): 4-9."""	512	"Dolan, S., et al. (2007). """"Genomics for health in preconception and prenatal periods."""" Journal of Nursing Scholarship 39(1): 4-9."""""	" Purpose: To review and report changes in genomic-based knowledge and care during the preconception and prenatal periods. Design: Integrative review of relevant medical and nursing literature. Findings: Client education and counseling are needed to understand genomic information and provide guidance in interpreting this information and making decisions. The factors that influence decision-making about testing and acting on test results constitute a complex process that has not been well studied. Family history is an important tool for obtaining genomic information and can assist women and families in understanding risk preconceptionally and prenatally. Genomic research has enhanced understanding of the mechanisms of birth defects such as neural tube defect and will likely provide research opportunities to better understand complex perinatal outcomes such as preterm birth. Conclusions: Research, education, advocacy, and anticipatory guidance are needed as women and families obtain more genetic and genomic information before and during pregnancy. All nurses will be involved in helping patients use genetic and genomic information to understand risk and to develop strategies to modify risk, and in translating the expanding array of genomic information to improve birth outcomes."""
0	"Dolowitz, D. P. (2007). The Big E: How Electronic Information Can Be Fitted into the Academic Process."" Journal of Political Science Education 3(2): 177-190."""	513	"Dolowitz, D. P. (2007). """"The Big E: How Electronic Information Can Be Fitted into the Academic Process."""" Journal of Political Science Education 3(2): 177-190."""""	" For the past decade the buzz words in teaching and learning have consisted of ""the knowledge economy,"""" """"information literacy,"""" and """"transferable skills."""" The idea being"" "" ensure students emerge from higher education with the skills needed to participate in the """"knowledge economy."""" In response academics have increasingly been encouraged to integrate electronic learning (e-learning) materials, assignments, and technology into their teaching practices. Political science academics have found themselves under pressure to utilize e-technologies in the classroom, and many students have come to expect academics to integrate e-technology into their teaching practices. Some political scientists argue that e-technologies are more damaging to the undergraduate research and learning processes than they are worth, and that, without efforts by academics, the online environment will end up with students losing """"the ability to see the links between information"""" and """"to think laterally"""" (Hewitson, 2001). While accepting that there are drawbacks to the use of e-technology in the learning process, this article will discuss how students, with effort and thought, can be directed towards full information literacy. It will argue that for this to happen three subprocesses will need to occur: (1) as a profession, political scientists will need to develop their own teaching and learning strategies (and expectations) to guide students through the active and appropriate engagement with the academic side of the e-learning environment"" "" (2) many of the research skills that political science students have traditionally acquired over the course of their undergraduate studies will need to be """"actively"""" reapplied in light of the existence and use of these technologies""  and (3) students are going to have to be convinced that they do not enter higher education knowing everything there is to know about e-learning, its web-based components, and how these can best be used in academic research. (Contains 16 notes.)"""
0	"Domino, S. E., et al. (2007). Opportunities and challenges of interdisciplinary research career development: Implementation of a women's health research training program."" Journal of Women's Health 16(2): 256-261."""	514	"Domino, S. E., et al. (2007). """"Opportunities and challenges of interdisciplinary research career development: Implementation of a women's health research training program."""" Journal of Women's Health 16(2): 256-261."""""	" Background: A key component of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) Roadmap for Medical Research is the development of interdisciplinary research teams. How best to teach and foster interdisciplinary research skills has not been determined. An effort at promoting interdisciplinary research was initiated by the Office of Research on Women's Health (ORWH) at NIH in 1999. The following year, 12 academic centers were funded to support 56 scholar positions for 2-5 years under Building Interdisciplinary Research Careers in Women's Health (BIRCWH). A second cohort of 12 centers, called BIRCWH II, was funded in 2002. Methods: In this paper, we present the experience of the University of Michigan BIRCWH program, including a practical approach to dealing with the challenges and opportunities of interdisciplinary research training. Scholars are mentored not only by their primary research advisor but also by a three-person mentor team as well as by their peers. All scholars and a core of supportive faculty meet regularly to discuss interdisciplinary research career development and approaches to apply knowledge in new ways. Results: Of the original cohort of 10 scholars at the University of Michigan, 7 have achieved independent research funding. Conclusions: Challenges include arranging times to meet, developing a common language and knowledge base, dealing proactively with expectations and misunderstandings, focusing on a conceptual model, and providing timely feedback. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"D'Onofrio, G., et al. (2010). NIH Roundtable on Opportunities to Advance Research on Neurologic and Psychiatric Emergencies."" Annals of Emergency Medicine 56(5): 551-564."""	515	"D'Onofrio, G., et al. (2010). """"NIH Roundtable on Opportunities to Advance Research on Neurologic and Psychiatric Emergencies."""" Annals of Emergency Medicine 56(5): 551-564."""""	" Study objective: The Institute of Medicine Committee on the Future of Emergency Care in the United States Health System (2003) identified a need to enhance the research base for emergency care. As a result, a National Institutes of Health (NIH) Task Force on Research in Emergency Medicine was formed to enhance NIH support for emergency care research. Members of the NIH Task Force and academic leaders in emergency care participated in 3 Roundtable discussions to prioritize current opportunities for enhancing and conducting emergency care research. We identify key research questions essential to advancing the science of emergency care and discuss the barriers and strategies to advance research by exploring the collaboration between NIH and the emergency care community. Methods: Experts from emergency medicine, neurology, psychiatry, and public health assembled to review critical,areas in need of investigation, current gaps in knowledge, barriers, and opportunities. Neurologic emergencies included cerebral resuscitation, pain, stroke, syncope, traumatic brain injury, and pregnancy. Mental health topics included suicide, agitation and delirium, substances, posttraumatic stress, violence, and bereavement. Results: Presentations and group discussion firmly established the need for translational research to bring basic science concepts into the clinical arena. A coordinated continuum of the health care system that ensures rapid identification and stabilization and extends through discharge is necessary to maximize overall patient outcomes. There is a paucity of well-designed, focused research on diagnostic testing, clinical decisionmaking, and treatments in the emergency setting. Barriers include the limited number of experienced researchers in emergency medicine, limited dedicated research funding, and difficulties of conducting research in chaotic emergency environments stressed by crowding and limited resources. Several themes emerged during the course of the roundtable discussion, including the need for development of (1) a research infrastructure for the rapid identification, consent, and tracking of research subjects that incorporates innovative informatics technologies, essential for future research  (2) diagnostic strategies and tools necessary to understand key populations and the process of medical decisionmaking, including the investigation of the pathobiology of symptoms and symptom-oriented therapies  (3) collaborative research networks to provide unique opportunities to form partnerships, leverage patient cohorts and clinical and financial resources, and share data  (4) formal research training programs integral for creating new knowledge and advancing the science and practice of emergency medicine "" and (5) recognit on that emergency care is part of an integrated system from emergency medical services dispatch to discharge. The NIH Roundtable """"Opportunities to Advance Research on Neurological and Psychiatric Emergencies"""" created a framework to guide future emergency medicine-based research initiatives. Conclusion: Emergency departments provide the portal of access to the health care system for most patients with acute neurologic and psychiatric illness. Emergency physicians and colleagues are primed to investigate neurologic and psychiatric emergencies that will directly improve the delivery of care and patient outcomes. [Ann Emerg Med. 2010"" 56:551-564.]"""
0	"Donovan, L., et al. (2015). Preparing doctoral-level consultants for systems change: Implementing and supervising multitiered practices in early childhood education."" Journal of Educational & Psychological Consultation 25(2-3): 252-275."""	516	"Donovan, L., et al. (2015). """"Preparing doctoral-level consultants for systems change: Implementing and supervising multitiered practices in early childhood education."""" Journal of Educational & Psychological Consultation 25(2-3): 252-275."""""	" Implementing changes that support a preventative approach in early childhood education (ECE) requires the collaboration of skilled professionals. The present case study describes a change effort to implement multitiered systems of support (MTSS) in early childhood settings that included collaboration of agency personnel, school psychology program faculty and trainees, and ECE faculty. It describes a competency-based training initiative that provides applied experiences in consultation, supervision, and change facilitation for systems change efforts. The implementation of a systems-level approach for promoting positive behavior at three ECE agencies is described, with resulting teacher and child outcomes. Implications for future consultation research, training, and practice are discussed in relation to a consultation training model that provides competency-based field experiences to support change in ECE. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Dopico, E. (2011). George Glasson and George Bogg's Prospects on the Environmental Friendly Relationship and Ecojustice."" Cultural Studies of Science Education 6(2): 347-350."""	517	"Dopico, E. (2011). """"George Glasson and George Bogg's Prospects on the Environmental Friendly Relationship and Ecojustice."""" Cultural Studies of Science Education 6(2): 347-350."""""	" This rejoinder to George Glasson and George Bogg's papers provides additional conversation for considering the idea that we try to develop: leaving the classroom to continue teaching. Converting the teaching-learning process into research experiences brings our students not only scientific knowledge, but also an understanding of the research procedures. To be involved in field work, students can connect more personally the local action with global issues. On the ground in which we operate, environmental science, teaching of knowledge is insufficient if not accompanied by ecological experiences where students can see and share the needs of environmental protection and the idea of sustainability. Both response authors tell us about their own experiences in research in this regard. In their essays we can appreciate the desire to investigate human activities on ecosystems. Reading it makes us look with passion and awareness at the different consequences for our ecological environments: if we develop environmentally consequential behavior or harmful lifestyles for the planet. Furthermore, they warn us of the need to follow the development of students learning and reflect on the ways in which it produces time-causal relationship between persons and the environment."""
0	"Dorr, A., et al. (2008). Developing the next Generation of Education Researchers: UCLA's Experience with the Spencer Foundation Research Training Grant."" Teachers College Record 110(7): 1424-1457."""	518	"Dorr, A., et al. (2008). """"Developing the next Generation of Education Researchers: UCLA's Experience with the Spencer Foundation Research Training Grant."""" Teachers College Record 110(7): 1424-1457."""""	" Background/Context: In the early 1990s, the Spencer Foundation instituted an Institutional Research Training Grant (RTG) program to improve the preparation of the next generation of education researchers. UCLA received an RTG in the first round of competition. Purpose/Objective/Research Question/Focus of Study: UCLA's Spencer RTG program sought to develop excellent researchers focused on educational issues associated with urban students of color and students with special needs. An evaluation was conducted to learn more about the experiences and career paths of participating Spencer students, the value added by RTG program participation, and institutional changes associated with the RTG program. Population/Participants/Subjects: Participants were all 52 UCLA education PhD students who received a Spencer RTG Fellowship in the first 9 years of the program, 52 matched comparison students, and 10 Department of Education faculty. Intervention/Program/Practice: Spencer and comparison students participated in the same PhD program courses and requirements, mentoring/apprenticeship model, research practica, and research apprenticeship courses. Spencer students in addition had 3 years of full financial support, came from all areas of the Department of Education, participated in a special seminar every 2 weeks for 3 years, had a personal professional development fund, and were offered many opportunities to network with students and faculty from other Spencer programs. Research Design:This in-house evaluation employed multiple approaches. Institutional data provided information about RTG program goals and activities and student characteristics and performance. A Web-based questionnaire and individual interviews provided quantitative and qualitative data about the performance and opinions of all 52 Spencer students and 52 comparison students. Dissertations were scored for engagement with Spencer program areas of emphasis. Individual faculty interviews provided opinions about the RTG program itself and its implications for the PhD program. Findings/Results: Nearly all students were successful and benefited from courses, mentorship, and opportunities. Spencer students benefited particularly from financial freedom to pursue specific research interests and opportunities for networking and support. They valued highly interacting with PhD students from the Department of Education's entire range of epistemologies and research traditions. They were seen as an elite group, particularly groomed for academic positions. Significantly more Spencer than comparison graduates were in professional positions in which engaging in education research was highly valued. Conclusions/Recommendations: The study underlines the following contributions: value of the apprenticeship/mentoring model  strengthening of sites for exploring diverse research traditions and epistemologies  value of belonging to local and national communities of practice  utility of multiyear funding packages  and enhanced faculty interaction around improved research preparation"""
1	"Dotolo, F. and T. Nicolay (2008). Approaching History through Literature: Generating Knowledge through Writing and Inquiry in a Cross Disciplinary First-Year Learning Community."" History Teacher 42(1): 25-34."""	519	"Dotolo, F. and T. Nicolay (2008). """"Approaching History through Literature: Generating Knowledge through Writing and Inquiry in a Cross Disciplinary First-Year Learning Community."""" History Teacher 42(1): 25-34."""""	" To address the disparity in the skills of entering students and the goals of the first-year learning community (LC) program, the authors created a series of scaffolded, or tiered, writing assignments around the concept of kingship to move students from summary to analysis to synthesis. For each assignment, the authors incorporate informal write-to-learn and inquiry-based learning activities. The informal and formal writing exercises in the learning community help students make informed analyses and develop critical thinking skills. Write-to-learn and inquiry-based learning provide fruitful insights for students and prepare them for the assessment of the learning community, further work in the college core, and the adjustment to forthcoming college work. (Contains 11 notes.)"""
0	"Doughty, H. A. (2015). Applied Research and the Transformation of College Education."" College Quarterly 18(1): 2."""	520	"Doughty, H. A. (2015). """"Applied Research and the Transformation of College Education."""" College Quarterly 18(1): 2."""""	" Like everything else today, there is a changing pattern in education. Some obvious elements are education's social function, demographics, and technology. A fourth dimension is being added to function, audience, and technique, and that is research. Research is also being reorganized, and now it is becoming an issue in the colleges. When, for example, the United States Congress banned the use of federal funds for research in political science unless the project could be shown to enhance ""homeland security"""" or to protect American economic interests abroad, it was deemed a short-lived but nonetheless frightening aberration. Now, however, it is commonplace to find that a condition for research funding is that a project must prove itself in terms of commercialization. Because it is largely funded by private sector companies, research is expected to provide a material payoff--such as a new product or process that will find its value in the economic marketplace. In the alternative, academic research intended mainly to satisfy intellectual curiosity or to advance purely theoretical knowledge without thought to profit finds it difficult to locate a sponsor. Since most colleges were never interested in either scholarly or practical research, the issue of corporate-sponsored versus independent academic inquiry rarely surfaced. Now, however, some colleges are understandably tempted by the prospect of financial investment from private firms, nongovernmental agencies and the increasingly fashionable public-private partnerships. So, targeted """"applied"""" research has produced a flurry of activity. Since government funds have shriveled and student fees are reaching a breaking point, the advantages of industry funding are too attractive to ignore. Howard Doughty writes here that """"The College Quarterly"""" is sensitive to the legitimate educational concerns that have arisen in response to the new ethical and academic ambiguities inherent in the current enthusiasm for applied research projects and also to the socially useful consequences that such projects may bring. Although the funding possibilities are important, a strong case can also be made for the educational value to students and the end product economic value of a student-centred research experience. In this article, Doughty indicates that """"College Quarterly"""" hopes that engaged educators will be willing to share their experiences, submit examples of applied projects either as research papers in themselves or as commentary on the ways that applied research relates to the pattern of transformation reflected in the social function, demographics, and technology of college education."""""
0	"Douglass, K. and T. Mack (2015). What do You Give the Undergraduate Researcher who has Everything? An Academic Librarian."" Journal of Academic Librarianship 41(5): 540-547."""	521	"Douglass, K. and T. Mack (2015). """"What do You Give the Undergraduate Researcher who has Everything? An Academic Librarian."""" Journal of Academic Librarianship 41(5): 540-547."""""	" We examine 12 library skills curricula developed for two formalized undergraduate research training programs that occurred between the time periods, 1999-2008 and 2013-2015, at the University of Tennessee to answer the question: how has library skills instruction for these programs adapted to changing technologies, tools, and expectations of student performance? Our analysis is based upon data mined from course documents. We contextualize these data with reflections on the course design experience from the principal course designer and knowledge holder. Findings from our constructivist analysis of course curricula demonstrate the value of formal partnerships between academic libraries/librarians and undergraduate research training programs/administrators on college and university campuses. Although such relationships seem unnecessary, given the increase in students' unmediated access to research tools, we find that innovations in research tools and other technologies create opportunities to deepen students' engagement with academic librarians. While the more recent curricula (2013-2015) have required students to demonstrate traditional library (research) skills, such as the ability to search and retrieve information and to properly cite sources, they have also challenged students to think and behave as scholars: to critically evaluate sources and information, to seamlessly integrate information into original scholarship, and to disseminate original scholarship among their respective scholarly communities. (C) 2015 Published by Elsevier Inc."""
1	"Dowd, J. E., et al. (2015). ""On Course"" for Supporting Expanded Participation and Improving Scientific Reasoning in Undergraduate Thesis Writing."" Journal of Chemical Education 92(1): 39-45."""	523	"Dowd, J. E., et al. (2015). """"""""On Course"""" for Supporting Expanded Participation and Improving Scientific Reasoning in Undergraduate Thesis Writing."""" Journal of Chemical Education 92(1): 39-45."""""	" The Department of Chemistry at Duke University has research while maintaining the quality of the learning experience. endeavored to expand participation in undergraduate honors thesis Accomplishing this goal has been constrained by limited departmental resources (including faculty time) and increased diversity in students's preparation to engage in the research and writing processes. Here we assessed the relationship between iterative changes in pedagogical and mentoring support of honors research that efficiently employed departmental resources (including the chemistry thesis assessment protocol, ChemT.AP) and students' scientific reasoning and writing skills reflected in their undergraduate theses. We found that, although we cannot disentangle some gradual changes over time from specific interventions, students exhibited the strongest performance when they participated in a course with structured scaffolding and used assessment tools explicitly designed to enhance the scientific reasoning in writing. Furthermore, less prepared students exhibited more positive changes."""
1	"Dowd, J. E., et al. (2015). Improved Reasoning in Undergraduate Writing through Structured Workshops."" Journal of Economic Education 46(1): 14-27."""	522	"Dowd, J. E., et al. (2015). """"Improved Reasoning in Undergraduate Writing through Structured Workshops."""" Journal of Economic Education 46(1): 14-27."""""	" The Department of Economics at Duke University has endeavored to increase participation in undergraduate honors thesis research while ensuring a high-quality learning experience. Given the faculty-to-student ratio in the department (approximately 1:16), increasing research participation required the creation of a stable, replicable framework for mentoring students through research. The department aimed to make the research experience more consistent and interactive so that students also learned from each other in a group setting. Here, the authors assess the relationship between changes in mentoring support of honors research and students' scientific reasoning and writing skills reflected in their undergraduate theses. They find that students who participated in structured courses designed to support and enhance their research exhibited the strongest learning outcomes, as measured by systematic writing assessment."""
0	"Downs, A., et al. (2008). Effects of Training and Feedback on Discrete Trial Teaching Skills and Student Performance."" Research in Developmental Disabilities: A Multidisciplinary Journal 29(3): 235-246."""	524	"Downs, A., et al. (2008). """"Effects of Training and Feedback on Discrete Trial Teaching Skills and Student Performance."""" Research in Developmental Disabilities: A Multidisciplinary Journal 29(3): 235-246."""""	" This study examined the effects of training and feedback on instructor performance of Discrete Trial Teaching (DTT) and support skills. This included an examination of the generalization and maintenance of instructor skills, and the impact of instructor skills on student performance. Six undergraduate research assistants received an 8-hour training in DTT and taught a variety of skills and behaviors to four preschool students who had developmental disabilities. A multiple-baseline design was used to assess instructor performance following training alone, during implementation of oral and written performance feedback, and at 2, 4, 6, and 10 weeks follow-up. Instructors demonstrated correct use of DTT and related skills at a rate of 63-80% following training. When performance feedback was provided, all instructors attained proficiency ratings of 90% by the second session and 97-100% by the fourth session. High levels of instructor proficiency were maintained at follow-up and generalized across students and learning tasks. Student learning and instructional efficiency were superior in the feedback and follow-up conditions compared to baseline. The results highlight the need for training programs that allow school personnel to correctly use DTT to effectively facilitate learning and development in students who have developmental disabilities. (Contains 2 tables and 1 figure.)"""
0	"Downs, C. A. and H. W. Morrison (2011). Beyond the PhD: Putting the Right Tools in Your Research Toolbox."" Biological Research for Nursing 13(1): 5-14."""	525	"Downs, C. A. and H. W. Morrison (2011). """"Beyond the PhD: Putting the Right Tools in Your Research Toolbox."""" Biological Research for Nursing 13(1): 5-14."""""	" Postdoctoral training is vital to a successful career for nurse researchers with a biological or biobehavioral focus. Such training provides structured time to devote to gaining substantive knowledge, expanding one's biological-methods repertoire, and writing grants. However, for unknown reasons, relatively few nurses pursue postdoctoral training. A few plausible explanations include a near critical shortage of nursing faculty coupled with an aging population in need of health care, a lack of available mentoring for predoctoral students to pursue postdoctoral training, and the difficulty of navigating the process of finding and choosing the right match for a postdoctoral experience. The purposes of this article are to provide a rationale for choosing postdoctoral training, review common fellowship opportunities, and discuss the process of finding and choosing the right match for postdoctoral training. The authors provide two prospective plans for postdoctoral training and include a plan for staying on track during the postdoctoral experience."""
1	"Downs, C. T. (2010). Is Vacation Apprenticeship of Undergraduate Life Science Students a Model for Human Capacity Development in the Life Sciences?"" International Journal of Science Education 32(5): 687-704."""	526	"Downs, C. T. (2010). """"Is Vacation Apprenticeship of Undergraduate Life Science Students a Model for Human Capacity Development in the Life Sciences?"""" International Journal of Science Education 32(5): 687-704."""""	" A life sciences undergraduate apprenticeship initiative was run during the vacations at a South African university. In particular, the initiative aimed to increase the number of students from disadvantaged backgrounds. Annually 12-18 undergraduate biology students were apprenticed to various institutions during the January and July vacations from 2005 to 2007. This was to develop their skills and interests in the biological sciences, particularly in biocontrol and entomology. Results suggest that this ""grassroots"""" approach increased the number of Black and female students in the life sciences. In particular, it developed their knowledge of the discipline of science and of how it progresses. For most students it enthused and motivated them in the pursuit of their studies and in considering postgraduate research. Students benefited socially from the interactions with researchers and staff, and learnt the protocols of research institutions. Economically most students benefited as they had financial loans for their studies, and the additional monies assisted them in meeting some of the payments. It is proposed that this undergraduate apprenticeship be used as a model for human capacity development at an undergraduate level that can be adopted in the other sciences and universities. This provides an alternative to the current South African National Research Foundation model, a top-down approach, that is aimed at recruiting Black and female students at the postgraduate level."""""
0	"Drake, K. N. and D. Long (2009). Rebecca's in the Dark: A Comparative Study of Problem-Based Learning and Direct Instruction/Experiential Learning in Two 4th-Grade Classrooms."" Journal of Elementary Science Education 21(1): 1-16."""	527	"Drake, K. N. and D. Long (2009). """"Rebecca's in the Dark: A Comparative Study of Problem-Based Learning and Direct Instruction/Experiential Learning in Two 4th-Grade Classrooms."""" Journal of Elementary Science Education 21(1): 1-16."""""	" Seeking improved student performance in elementary schools has led educators to advocate inquiry-based teaching approaches, including problem-based learning (PBL). In PBL, students simultaneously develop problem-solving strategies, disciplinary knowledge bases, collaborative skills, and dispositions. Research into the efficacy of PBL in elementary school settings is in the seminal stage and reveals mixed results. In this pilot study, 4th graders receiving PBL in science were compared with a corresponding group receiving the same instruction in thematic format. Using a quasi-experimental design, the researchers investigated students' knowledge of content, stereotypical images of scientists, time-on-task, and transfer of problem-solving skills. (Contains 7 tables.)"""
0	Draper, P. and K. Cunio (2014). The 'little r' in Artistic Research Training. Research and Research Education in Music Performance and Pedagogy. S. D. Harrison. 11: 105-117.	528	Draper, P. and K. Cunio (2014). The 'little r' in Artistic Research Training. Research and Research Education in Music Performance and Pedagogy. S. D. Harrison. 11: 105-117.	" The idea of 'artistic research' is increasingly gaining acceptance in the academy, one of its characteristics being that it accepts subjectivity (aka 'little r' research) as opposed to traditional scientific or statistical methods ('big R' research). Artists investigate, test and question their work, where the personal insights gained are placed in a context aiming to enhance knowledge both for themselves and within their own disciplines. This chapter details a number of interwoven components which present both familiar and unfamiliar thinking about musical practices in order to explore the following questions: How may musical thinking and its artistic outcomes be considered 'research'? And, in what ways may its artefacts best serve to exemplify this?"""
0	"Drennan, J. (2008). Postgraduate Research Experience Questionnaire: Reliability and factor structure with Master's in Nursing graduates."" Journal of Advanced Nursing 62(4): 487-498."""	529	"Drennan, J. (2008). """"Postgraduate Research Experience Questionnaire: Reliability and factor structure with Master's in Nursing graduates."""" Journal of Advanced Nursing 62(4): 487-498."""""	" Aim. This paper is a report of a study to measure the psychometric properties of the Postgraduate Experience Questionnaire when used to evaluate the research experience of graduates who had completed Master's in Nursing programmes. Background. Evidence of standards and outcomes of Master's in Nursing programmes is lacking, despite their continuing growth worldwide. The Postgraduate Research Experience Questionnaire was introduced to evaluate the research experience of graduates. The instrument is a multidimensional measure of graduate students' experiences of research and research supervision. Six constructs that comprise the research experience of graduates are measured: the supervision process, academic climate, goals and expectations, infrastructure, skill development and the dissertation examination process. Method. A cross-sectional postal survey of graduates from coursework Master's in Nursing programmes in Ireland was undertaken in 2006. The response rate was 71%. Exploratory and confirmatory factor analysis were used to test construct validity, while internal consistency measures were used to test reliability. Results. Factor analysis identified a six-factor solution, as hypothesized by the instrument's developers. According to oblique rotation and confirmatory factor analysis, the majority of scales that comprise the instrument were relatively robust. Internal consistency measures identified that the six scales were reliable. Conclusion. The construct validity of Postgraduate Research Experience Questionnaire when psychometrically evaluated with coursework master's graduates differed slightly from the factor structure reported in the literature for the original scale. However, overall, adequate estimates of reliability and validity were found when the instrument was used to evaluate the research experience of graduates who complete a supervised dissertation as part of their degree."""
0	"Drobota, B., et al. (2013). CAREER MANAGEMENT IN RESEARCH."" Metalurgia International 18: 40-43."""	530	"Drobota, B., et al. (2013). """"CAREER MANAGEMENT IN RESEARCH."""" Metalurgia International 18: 40-43."""""	" With the Horizon 2020 (EU Framework Programme for Research and Innovation), more jobs for researchers will be available and they have to be aware of their career options and take decisions. The main objective of this paper is to help researchers to build a successful plan for their career in order to take full advantage of the actual and future opportunities in the field. The created plan for building a successful research career have explanation on the important skills needed in research, examples of activities, methods, approaches needed to meet the established objectives, examples of research opportunities in Europe and useful WebPages to find the active calls, create partnerships and enter in a research community. The benefit of planning the research career will not be only for the researcher, which will be more productive, but also for the society, because the research improve people lives and the benefits may be immeasurable."""
0	"Droege, H., et al. (2009). Innovation in services: present findings, and future pathways."" Journal of Service Management 20(2): 131-155."""	531	"Droege, H., et al. (2009). """"Innovation in services: present findings, and future pathways."""" Journal of Service Management 20(2): 131-155."""""	" Purpose - The purpose of this paper is, firstly, to review existing schools of thought and to identify present research fields in new service development (NSD) and service innovation research, and, secondly, to discuss future research opportunities. Design/methodology/approach - The literature review is based on a search for ""service innovation"""" and """"NSD"""" in titles, abstracts and keywords of articles. As a result of looking at the references, as well as through analysis of papers which cite the articles identified, additional publications are included in this study. Findings - Four schools of thought and five distinct research fields are presented. Herein, the authors show that there is a lack of studies of organisational innovations, and that differences in the drivers for radical or incremental innovations may be of degree rather than of kind. Further, contradictory results in the research field on differences versus similarities of new product and NSD are identified. In addition, the authors propose possible pathways for future research for each research field and school of thought. Research limitations/implications - The scope of publications included in this review may be subject to criticism as book-publications may be under-represented in this review. Also, the keywords used for the initial search could include additional words. Originality/value - The paper groups previously scattered research activities from various backgrounds such as marketing and operations into distinct research fields, and presents both the status quo and a discussion of possible directions for future research."""""
0	"Drotar, D. (2013). Lessons learned from a career in clinical research: Implications for mentoring and career development."" Professional Psychology: Research and Practice 44(6): 384-390."""	532	"Drotar, D. (2013). """"Lessons learned from a career in clinical research: Implications for mentoring and career development."""" Professional Psychology: Research and Practice 44(6): 384-390."""""	" Lessons learned in the mentoring and career development of researchers in medical settings are considered. Key challenges include developing a consistent focus of independent research  developing trust and confidence in one’s ideas and skills as a researcher  sustaining productivity and confidence in response to peer critique  developing and sustaining support from networks of colleagues, mentors, mentees, and family members  and initiating developing and sustaining interprofessional collaboration in team science. Key influences on career development benchmarks include consistent and competent mentoring, team mentoring, supervised experiences in collaborative research, training in scientific and grant writing, and support to develop networks of colleagues and mentors through opportunities in professional organizations and scientific journals. Future research is needed to understand the efficacy of training and research experiences on the career development trajectories of researchers. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Drotar, D., et al. (2015). Competency-based postdoctoral research training for clinical psychologists: An example and implications."" Training and Education in Professional Psychology 9(2): 92-98."""	533	"Drotar, D., et al. (2015). """"Competency-based postdoctoral research training for clinical psychologists: An example and implications."""" Training and Education in Professional Psychology 9(2): 92-98."""""	" To address the need to respond to challenges in training researchers in clinical psychology, we describe an example of a competency-based postdoctoral training program that emphasizes leadership in writing scientific publications, preparing research grant proposals, integrating research and practice, and the responsible conduct of research. Key program features that can be applied in a range of settings include a systematic approach to setting goals and monitoring progress in achieving key research-related competencies, involvement of multiple mentors, and promotion of initiative and career development. Program graduates have been successful in securing faculty positions in a range of settings, publishing their research, and, to a lesser extent, in funding research proposals. Future research should describe effective features of postdoctoral research training programs and identify predictors of successful research careers. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Drozda, K., et al. (2013). A Pharmacogenetics Service Experience for Pharmacy Students, Residents, and Fellows."" American Journal of Pharmaceutical Education 77(8)."""	534	"Drozda, K., et al. (2013). """"A Pharmacogenetics Service Experience for Pharmacy Students, Residents, and Fellows."""" American Journal of Pharmaceutical Education 77(8)."""""	" Objective. To utilize a comprehensive, pharmacist-led warfarin pharmacogenetics service to provide pharmacy students, residents, and fellows with clinical and research experiences involving genotype-guided therapy. Design. First-year (P1) through fourth-year (P4) pharmacy students, pharmacy residents, and pharmacy fellows participated in a newly implemented warfarin pharmacogenetics service in a hospital setting. Students, residents, and fellows provided genotype-guided dosing recommendations as part of clinical care, or analyzed samples and data collected from patients on the service for research purposes. Assessment. Students', residents', and fellows' achievement of learning objectives was assessed using a checklist based on established core competencies in pharmacogenetics. The mean competency score of the students, residents, and fellows who completed a clinical and/or research experience with the service was 97% +/- 3%. Conclusion. A comprehensive warfarin pharmacogenetics service provided unique experiential and research opportunities for pharmacy students, residents, and fellows and sufficiently addressed a number of core competencies in pharmacogenetics."""
0	"Dubé, T. V., et al. (2015). Transition processes through a longitudinal integrated clerkship: A qualitative study of medical students' experiences."" Medical Education 49(10): 1028-1037."""	535	"Dubé, T. V., et al. (2015). """"Transition processes through a longitudinal integrated clerkship: A qualitative study of medical students' experiences."""" Medical Education 49(10): 1028-1037."""""	" Context: This paper describes the transition processes experienced by Year 3 medical students during their longitudinal integrated clerkship (LIC). The authors conceptualise the stages that encompass the transition through a LIC. Objectives: The purpose of this study was to understand the perspectives of 12 Northern Ontario School of Medicine (NOSM) Year 3 medical students about their transition process. Methods: Data were collected longitudinally through three conversational interviews with each of these students, occurring before, during and after the clerkship. The authors used a guided walk methodology to explore students' everyday lives and elicit insights about the transition process, prompted by the locations and clinical settings in which the clerkship occurred. Results: Participants identified three interconnected stages in the transition process: (i) shifting from classroom to clinical learning  (ii) dealing with disorientation and restoring balance, and (iii) seeing oneself as a physician. Interview data provided evidence for the adaptive strategies the participants developed in response to these stages. Conclusions: Based on these findings, the transition process during a LIC can be characterised as one of entering the unfamiliar, with few forewarnings about the changes, of experiencing moments of confusion and burnout, and of eventual gains in confidence and competence in the clinical roles of a physician. Recommendations are made regarding future research opportunities to further scholarship on transitions. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"DuBois, J. M., et al. (2010). Instruction in the Responsible Conduct of Research: An Inventory of Programs and Materials within CTSAs."" Cts-Clinical and Translational Science 3(3): 109-111."""	536	"DuBois, J. M., et al. (2010). """"Instruction in the Responsible Conduct of Research: An Inventory of Programs and Materials within CTSAs."""" Cts-Clinical and Translational Science 3(3): 109-111."""""	" The National Institutes of Health (NIH) require instruction in the responsible conduct of research (RCR) as a component of any Clinical and Translational Science Award (CTSA). The Educational Materials Group of the NIH CTSA Consortium's Clinical Research Ethics Key Function Committee (CRE-KFC) conducted a survey of the 38 institutions that held CTSA funding as of January 2009 to determine how they satisfy RCR training requirements. An 8-item questionnaire was sent by email to directors of the Clinical Research Ethics, the Educational and Career Development, and the Regulatory Knowledge cores. We received 78 completed surveys from 38 CTSAs (100%). We found that there is no unified approach to RCR training across CTSAs, many programs lack a coherent plan for RCR instruction, and most CTSAs have not developed unique instructional materials tailored to the needs of clinical and translational scientists. We recommend collaboration among CTSAs and across CTSA key function committees to address these weaknesses. We also requested that institutions send electronic copies of original RCR training materials to share among CTSAs via the CTSpedia website. Twenty institutions submitted at least one educational product. The CTSpedia now contains more than 90 RCR resources."""
0	"Duffy, L., et al. (2007). Arctic peoples and beyond: Research opportunities in neuroscience and behaviour."" International Journal of Circumpolar Health 66(3): 264-275."""	537	"Duffy, L., et al. (2007). """"Arctic peoples and beyond: Research opportunities in neuroscience and behaviour."""" International Journal of Circumpolar Health 66(3): 264-275."""""	" Objectives. Arctic and northern peoples are spread across Alaska, Canada, Russia and the Scandinavian countries. Inhabiting a variety of ecosystems, these 4 million residents include Indigenous populations who total about 10% of the population. Although Arctic peoples have very diverse cultural and social systems, they have health issues related to environmental impacts and knowledge/treatment disparities that are common to other minority and Indigenous peoples around the world. Research that explores the neuroscience and behavioural aspects of these health disparities offers challenges and significant opportunities. As the next generation of neuroscientists enter the field, it is imperative that they view their contributions in terms of translational medicine to address health disparities. Study design. A workshop was designed to bring neuroscientists together to report on the current directions of neuroscience research and how it could impact health disparities in the North. This workshop produced research recommendations for the growth of neuroscience in the North. Methods. On May 31, 2006 the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke, the Burroughs Wellcome Foundation, the Arctic Division of AAAS and the University of Alaska co-sponsored a workshop entitled ""Arctic Peoples and Beyond: Decreasing Health Disparities through Basic and Clinical Research."""" Also, the role and goals of the International Union for Circumpolar Health (IUCH) were presented at the meeting. Results. A set of recommendations related to research opportunities in neuroscience and behaviour research and ways to facilitate national and international partnerships were developed. Conclusions. These recommendations should help guide the development of future health research in circumpolar neuroscience and behaviour. They provide ideas about research support and informational exchange that will address health challenges."""""
0	"DuMars, T., et al. (2015). Training MSSW Students for Military Social Work Practice and Doctoral Students in Military Resilience Research."" Journal of Social Work Education 51: 11."""	538	"DuMars, T., et al. (2015). """"Training MSSW Students for Military Social Work Practice and Doctoral Students in Military Resilience Research."""" Journal of Social Work Education 51: 11."""""	" The demand for social workers with military-related practice and research experience exceeds the current supply. To advance military social work education, we developed an interlevel master's of science in social work (MSSW) field practicum and doctoral research practicum that provides military social work field experiences and contributes to doctoral education on military intervention research. Tasked with the primary responsibility of teaching complex resilience concepts to youth participants, the project challenges MSSW students to develop deep knowledge of the material. Assigned the role of project manager of an ongoing intervention study and responsible for performing multiple hands-on research tasks, the project promotes doctoral student research proficiency. Feedback from students suggests that the project supports learning outcomes and enhances motivation to engage in present and future intervention research."""
0	"Duncan, B. L. and R. J. Reese (2015). The Partners for Change Outcome Management System (PCOMS) revisiting the client’s frame of reference."" Psychotherapy 52(4): 391-401."""	539	"Duncan, B. L. and R. J. Reese (2015). """"The Partners for Change Outcome Management System (PCOMS) revisiting the client’s frame of reference."""" Psychotherapy 52(4): 391-401."""""	" Despite overall psychotherapy efficacy (Lambert, 2013), many clients do not benefit (Reese, Duncan, Bohanske, Owen, & Minami, 2014), dropouts are a problem (Swift & Greenberg, 2012), and therapists vary significantly in success rates (Baldwin & Imel, 2013), are poor judges of negative outcomes (Chapman et al., 2012), and grossly overestimate their effectiveness (Walfish, McAlister, O’Donnell, & Lambert, 2012). Systematic client feedback offers 1 solution (Duncan, 2014). Several feedback systems have emerged (Castonguay, Barkham, Lutz, & McAleavey, 2013), but only 2 have randomized clinical trial support and are included in the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Administration’s National Registry of Evidence-Based Programs and Practices: The Outcome Questionnaire–45.2 System (Lambert, 2010) and the Partners for Change Outcome Management System (PCOMS  Duncan, 2012). This article presents the current status of PCOMS, the psychometrics of the PCOMS measures, its empirical support, and its clinical and training applications. Future directions and implications of PCOMS research, training, and practice are detailed. Finally, we propose that systematic feedback offers a way, via large-scale data collection, to reprioritize what matters to psychotherapy outcome, reclaim our empirically validated core values and identity, and change the conversation from a medical model dominated discourse to a more scientific, relational perspective. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Dunne, C. R., et al. (2014). Structured inquiry-based learning: Drosophila GAL4 enhancer trap characterization in an undergraduate laboratory course."" PLoS Biology 12(12)."""	540	"Dunne, C. R., et al. (2014). """"Structured inquiry-based learning: Drosophila GAL4 enhancer trap characterization in an undergraduate laboratory course."""" PLoS Biology 12(12)."""""	" We have developed and tested two linked but separable structured inquiry exercises using a set of Drosophila melanogaster GAL4 enhancer trap strains for an upper-level undergraduate laboratory methods course at Bucknell University. In the first, students learn to perform inverse PCR to identify the genomic location of the GAL4 insertion, using FlyBase to identify flanking sequences and the primary literature to synthesize current knowledge regarding the nearest gene. In the second, we cross each GAL4 strain to a UAS-CD8-GFP reporter strain, and students perform whole mount CNS dissection, immunohistochemistry, confocal imaging, and analysis of developmental expression patterns. We have found these exercises to be very effective in teaching the uses and limitations of PCR and antibody-based techniques as well as critical reading of the primary literature and scientific writing. Students appreciate the opportunity to apply what they learn by generating novel data of use to the wider research community. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Dunne, J. R. and C. L. McDonald (2010). Pulse!!: A Model for Research and Development of Virtual-Reality Learning in Military Medical Education and Training."" Military Medicine 175(7): 25-27."""	541	"Dunne, J. R. and C. L. McDonald (2010). """"Pulse!!: A Model for Research and Development of Virtual-Reality Learning in Military Medical Education and Training."""" Military Medicine 175(7): 25-27."""""	" Pulse!! The Virtual Clinical Learning Lab at Texas A&M University-Corpus Christi, in collaboration with the United States Navy, has developed a model for research and technological development that they believe is an essential element in the future of military and civilian medical education. The Pulse!! project models a strategy for providing cross-disciplinary expertise and resources to educational, governmental, and business entities challenged with meeting looming health care crises. It includes a three-dimensional virtual learning platform that provides unlimited, repeatable, immersive clinical experiences without risk to patients, and is available anywhere there is a computer. Pulse!! utilizes expertise in the fields of medicine, medical education, computer science, software engineering, physics, computer animation, art, and architecture. Lab scientists collaborate with the commercial virtual-reality simulation industry to produce research-based learning platforms based on cutting-edge computer technology."""
0	"Dunstan, D. A., et al. (2015). The role of co-workers in the return-to-work process."" International Journal of Disability Management 10."""	542	"Dunstan, D. A., et al. (2015). """"The role of co-workers in the return-to-work process."""" International Journal of Disability Management 10."""""	" There is a large body of research examining work disability management and the return to work (RTW) of sick or injured workers. However, although this research makes clear the roles of the returning worker and supervisor, that of the co-workers is less well understood. To increase understanding of this topic, we have identified, reviewed, and discussed three studies that emerged from our connection with a Canadian research-training program. The first study, conducted in Sweden by Tjulin, MacEachen, and Ekberg (2009), showed that co-workers can play a positive role in RTW, but this is often invisible to supervisors. The second study, undertaken by Dunstan and MacEachen (2013) in Canada, found that RTW could both positively and negatively impact co-workers. For instance, co-workers may benefit from learning new skills, but may also be burdened by the need to assume extra work to accommodate a returning worker. The third study, performed in Belgium by Mortelmans and Verjans (2012) and Mortelmans, Verjans, and Mairiaux (2012) reported the need to include the expectations and objections of co-workers in RTW plans and implemented a three-step RTW tool that involves co-workers. Taken together, these studies highlight the social context of work, the positive role played by co-workers in the RTW process, the impacts of workplace social relations on RTW outcomes, and the benefits to all of involving co-workers in RTW plans. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Dupin, C. M., et al. (2014). Mixed-method nursing research: 'A public and its problems?' A commentary on French nursing research."" Policy, Politics, & Nursing Practice 15(1-2): 15-20."""	543	"Dupin, C. M., et al. (2014). """"Mixed-method nursing research: 'A public and its problems?' A commentary on French nursing research."""" Policy, Politics, & Nursing Practice 15(1-2): 15-20."""""	" Nursing in France is undergoing a transition. In 2009, the preregistration nursing education program was reformed in line with the European Bologna Process, bringing nursing education to the universities. In 2010, the French Programme Hospitalier de Recherche Infirmière, the first national French nursing research funding program, was launched by the French Health Ministry. Of the 149 French research proposals submitted by registered nurses in 2010 and 2011, 13 were mixed-method proposals. The registered nurse principal investigator argued for a complementary use of qualitative and quantitative methods. These trends highlight major issues regarding mixed-method and nursing research. We can reasonably assume that mixed-method research has a broad appeal for nurse scholars, particularly for the exploration of complex phenomena related to nursing. Moreover, the recent movement in the domain of nursing education and research experienced in France highlights the need for dedicated research education in the development of nursing research capacity. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Durairajanayagam, D., et al. (2015). Cleveland Clinic's summer research program in reproductive medicine: an inside look at the class of 2014."" Medical Education Online 20."""	544	"Durairajanayagam, D., et al. (2015). """"Cleveland Clinic's summer research program in reproductive medicine: an inside look at the class of 2014."""" Medical Education Online 20."""""	" Background: The American Center for Reproductive Medicine's summer internship course in reproductive medicine and research at Cleveland Clinic is a rigorous, results-oriented annual program that began in 2008 to train both local and international students in the fundamentals of scientific research and writing. The foremost goal of the program is to encourage premedical and medical students to aspire toward a career as a physician-scientist. The internship provides participants with an opportunity to engage in original bench research and scientific writing while developing theoretical knowledge and soft skills. This study describes selected survey responses from interns who participated in the 2014 internship program. The objective of these surveys was to elicit the interns' perspective on the internship program, its strengths and weaknesses, and to obtain insight into potential areas for improvement. Methods: Questionnaires were structured around the five fundamental aspects of the program: 1) theoretical knowledge, 2) bench research, 3) scientific writing, 4) mentorship, and 5) soft skills. In addition, an exit survey gathered information on factors that attracted the interns to the program, communication with mentors, and overall impression of the research program. Results: The opportunity to experience hands-on bench research and scientific writing, personalized mentorship, and the reputation of the institution were appreciated and ranked highly among the interns. Nearly 90% of the interns responded that the program was beneficial and well worth the time and effort invested by both interns and faculty. Conclusion: The outcomes portrayed in this study will be useful in the implementation of new programs or refinement of existing medical research training programs."""
0	"Duran, A. L., et al. (2013). Shared Ageing Research Models (ShARM): a new facility to support ageing research."" Biogerontology 14(6): 789-794."""	545	"Duran, A. L., et al. (2013). """"Shared Ageing Research Models (ShARM): a new facility to support ageing research."""" Biogerontology 14(6): 789-794."""""	" In order to manage the rise in life expectancy and the concomitant increased occurrence of age-related diseases, research into ageing has become a strategic priority. Mouse models are commonly utilised as they share high homology with humans and show many similar signs and diseases of ageing. However, the time and cost needed to rear aged cohorts can limit research opportunities. Sharing of resources can provide an ethically and economically superior framework to overcome some of these issues but requires dedicated infrastructure. Shared Ageing Research Models (ShARM) (www.ShARMUK.org) is a new, not-for-profit organisation funded by Wellcome Trust, open to all investigators. It collects, stores and distributes flash frozen tissues from aged murine models through its biorepository and provides a database of live ageing mouse colonies available in the UK and abroad. It also has an online environment (MICEspace) for collation and analysis of data from communal models and discussion boards on subjects such as the welfare of ageing animals and common endpoints for intervention studies. Since launching in July 2012, thanks to the generosity of researchers in UK and Europe, ShARM has collected more than 2,500 tissues and has in excess of 2,000 mice registered in live ageing colonies. By providing the appropriate support, ShARM has been able to bring together the knowledge and experience of investigators in the UK and Europe to maximise research outputs with little additional cost and minimising animal use in order to facilitate progress in ageing research."""
0	"Durando, P., et al. (2011). Adjuvants and alternative routes of administration towards the development of the ideal influenza vaccine."" Human Vaccines 7: 29-40."""	546	"Durando, P., et al. (2011). """"Adjuvants and alternative routes of administration towards the development of the ideal influenza vaccine."""" Human Vaccines 7: 29-40."""""	" Vaccination is universally considered as the principal measure for the control of influenza, which represents a significant burden worldwide, both from a health-care and a socioeconomic viewpoint. Conventional non-adjuvanted trivalent influenza vaccines (TIVs) have been recognized as having some deficiencies, such as suboptimal immunogenicity particularly in the elderly, in patients with severe chronic diseases and immunocompromized, indeed, those groups of the population at higher risk of developing severe complications following influenza infection, when compared to healthy adults. Moreover, the protection offered by conventional vaccines may be reduced by periodic antigenic drifts, resulting in a mismatch between the circulating and vaccinal viral strains. Another gap regarding currently available vaccines is related to the egg-based manufacturing system for their production: not only the length of time involved with the latter but also the limited capacity of this platform technology represent a major limitation for the active prevention of influenza, which is particularly important in the case of a new pandemic strain. New technologies used in vaccine composition, administration and manufacture have led to major advances during the last few years and clinical researchers have continued to work hard, investigating several different strategies to improve the performance of influenza vaccines: namely, the addition of different adjuvants (i.e., MF59- and AS03-vaccines, virosomal formulations), the use of alternative routes of administration or manufacture (i.e., intradermal, nasal and oral vaccines and cell culture-and reverse genetic-based vaccines) or of high doses of antigen, and the development of DNA-vaccines, or the use of conserved viral epitopes (i.e., the extracellular portion of the M2 protein, the nucleoprotein and some domains of the hemagglutinin), in the attempt to produce a ""universal target"""" antigen vaccine. The knowledge acquired represents a fundamental challenge for the control of influenza. An overview of the most recent and interesting results, some of which gained from our own research experience, particularly concerning two successful approaches, of those outlined above, namely the use of: (1) the oil-in-water MF59-adjuvant and (2) the intradermal (ID) route for vaccine administration, through a novel microinjection system, will be reported and discussed, together with the possible implications and perspectives to optimize immunization policies against influenza in the near future."""""
0	Dwyer, B. (2013). STRUGGLING READERS GO ONLINE: BUILDING AN INTEGRATED, INQUIRY-BASED CLASSROOM CURRICULUM. School-Based Interventions for Struggling Readers, K-8. E. Ortlieb and E. H. Cheek. 3: 99-120.	547	Dwyer, B. (2013). STRUGGLING READERS GO ONLINE: BUILDING AN INTEGRATED, INQUIRY-BASED CLASSROOM CURRICULUM. School-Based Interventions for Struggling Readers, K-8. E. Ortlieb and E. H. Cheek. 3: 99-120.	" Purpose - To provide an overview of the development of an integrated classroom curriculum linking literacy, literature, science, and digital technologies designed to develop online literacies with struggling readers from disadvantaged communities. Design/methodology/approach - The chapter opens with a consideration of the theoretical perspectives underpinning the study presented in the chapter. Following this, the methodological and contextual frameworks underpinning the study design are described. Finally, findings from the study are discussed. Findings - The chapter discusses key findings and lessons learned related to the design of an integrated curriculum linking literacy, the content areas, and technology  the development of high levels of online reading comprehension skills with struggling readers  and the crucial role of peer-to-peer collaboration to develop the affective, cognitive, and social aspects of learning online. Research limitations/implications - Findings from the small-scale study indicate the potential of the Internet and other digital technologies to actively engage, motivate, and challenge struggling readers to develop high levels of literacy skills in challenging inquiry-based activities. Practical implications - The chapter provides teachers with practical examples of classroom pedagogies to develop the skills, strategies, and dispositions necessary to successfully exploit the potential of the Internet and other digital technologies as sites for deep learning. Originality/value of chapter - Teachers are struggling to successfully integrate digital technologies into the classroom curriculum. The chapter provides an insight into the development of an integrated curriculum and the learning environments necessary to develop online skills and strategies in authentic classroom environments."""
0	"Dwyer, B. (2016). Engaging All Students in Internet Research and Inquiry."" Reading Teacher 69(4): 383-389."""	548	"Dwyer, B. (2016). """"Engaging All Students in Internet Research and Inquiry."""" Reading Teacher 69(4): 383-389."""""	" Almost 43% of the world's population is online. Research suggests that the prowess attributed to young people as a tech-savvy homogeneous population is misguided. Many of our students are laboring to utilize the Internet and other digital technologies as tools for literacy and learning. Furthermore, many teachers are struggling to create the instructional contexts necessary to integrate technology into the curriculum in meaningful ways or to develop the skills, strategies, dispositions and social practices that students need to experience success in a complex online environment. The article opens by considering the online reader as an Assembler, Fixer, Builder, and Responder. The key principles and instructional contexts necessary to scaffold online reading comprehension, Internet research, and inquiry skills in the areas of creating authentic inquiry-based learning units  digging deeper with questioning skills  assessing online skills  scaffolding key stages within the Internet inquiry cycle  and encouraging peer-to-peer collaboration are considered."""
0	"Dyrbye, L. N., et al. (2007). Prolonged delays for research training in medical school are associated with poorer subsequent clinical knowledge."" Journal of General Internal Medicine 22(8): 1101-1106."""	549	"Dyrbye, L. N., et al. (2007). """"Prolonged delays for research training in medical school are associated with poorer subsequent clinical knowledge."""" Journal of General Internal Medicine 22(8): 1101-1106."""""	" Background: Complementary degree programs and research training are important alternative tracks in medical school that typically interrupt the traditional MD curriculum. Objective: Examine effects of such a break on clinical knowledge after reentry into the MD curriculum. Design: Retrospective cohort study. Participants: Three hundred and two graduates of Mayo Medical School. Main Measurements: Compared years of delay between the second and third years of medical school with third year clerkship grades, National Board of Medical Examiner’s (NBME) Subject Examinations, and United States Medical License Exam (USMLE) Step 2. Main Results: 258, 13, and 31 students spent 0, 1, or ≥3 years pursing research between the second and third year. Baseline measures of knowledge before matriculation and before the third year were similar between groups. Whereas a 1-year delay had no significant effect, a ≥3-year delay was associated with fewer clerkship honors and lower NBME Medicine, Pediatrics, and Psychiatry percentiles compared to no delay (all p < .05). Students with a ≥3-year delay had a 77% reduction in the odds of honors in Medicine. For each year of delay beyond 3, students’ third-year NBME Medicine, Neurology, Obstetrics and Gynecology, and Psychiatry scores decreased as did USMLE Step 2 scores (r = −.38 to −.50, p < .05). Conclusions: Delays of ≥3 years between the second and third years of medical school are associated with lower grades and scores on clinical knowledge tests. Further research is needed to determine the optimal timing of research training and develop effective interventions to facilitate reentry into the medical school curriculum. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Dziak, C., et al. (2014). Vertically Integrating Professional Skills throughout a Mathematics Major."" PRIMUS 24(4): 301-308."""	550	"Dziak, C., et al. (2014). """"Vertically Integrating Professional Skills throughout a Mathematics Major."""" PRIMUS 24(4): 301-308."""""	" In response to a university mandate to include ""professional issues"""" as a component of every major, we have developed a vertically integrated approach to incorporating the study of professional skills and issues into the mathematics curriculum. Beginning in the first year of study, mathematics majors take an inquiry-based course in mathematical modeling using software packages that are important in business and industry, such as """"Excel""""®, """"Maple""""®, and """"Matlab""""®. In the third year, students choose between a seminar course covering topics in teaching and another covering topics related to research and work in industry. The courses are designed to introduce students to the different cultures and issues of business, industry, and teaching. Beyond these two courses, students are required to demonstrate proficiency in three core areas through a required """"professional experience,"""" which takes the form of an internship, undergraduate research experience, or educational outreach program."""""
0	"Dzubur-Kulenovic, A., et al. (2016). Molecular mechanisms of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) as a basis for individualized and personalized therapy: Rationale, design and methods of the South Eastern Europe (SEE)-PTSD study."" Psychiatria Danubina 28(2): 154-163."""	551	"Dzubur-Kulenovic, A., et al. (2016). """"Molecular mechanisms of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) as a basis for individualized and personalized therapy: Rationale, design and methods of the South Eastern Europe (SEE)-PTSD study."""" Psychiatria Danubina 28(2): 154-163."""""	" Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) is a major health problem in South Eastern Europe (SEE). Available treatment options are not efficient enough and the course is often chronic. Little is known about molecular mediators and moderators of pathogenesis and therapy. Genetic and epigenetic variation may be one central molecular mechanism. We therefore established a consortium combining clinical expertise on PTSD from SEE countries Bosnia-Herzegovina (Sarajevo, Tuzla and Mostar), Kosovo (Prishtina) and Croatia (Zagreb) with genetic and epigenetic competence from Germany (Würzburg) in 2011 within the framework of the DAAD (Deutscher Akademischer Austauschdienst)-funded Stability Pact for South Eastern Europe. After obtaining ethical votes and performing rater trainings as well as training in DNA extraction from EDTA blood between 2011 and 2013, we recruited 747 individuals who had experienced war-related trauma in the SEE conflicts between 1991 and 1999. 236 participants had current PTSD, 161 lifetime PTSD and 350 did not have and never had PTSD. Demographic and clinical data are currently merged together with genetic and epigenetic data in a single database to allow for a comprehensive analysis of the role of genetic and epigenetic variation in the pathogenesis and therapy of PTSD. Analyses will be done to a great degree by PhD students from participating SEE centers who in addition to participation in the project had an opportunity to take part in spring and summer schools of the DFG (Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft) funded Research Training Group (RTG) 1253 and thus meet PhD students from Germany and other countries We are confident that our project will not only contribute to a better understanding of genetic and epigenetic mechanisms of PTSD as a basis for future individualized and personalized therapies, but also to the academic development of South Eastern Europe. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Eagan, M. K., Jr., et al. (2011). Engaging undergraduates in science research: Not just about faculty willingness."" Research in Higher Education 52(2): 151-177."""	552	"Eagan, M. K., Jr., et al. (2011). """"Engaging undergraduates in science research: Not just about faculty willingness."""" Research in Higher Education 52(2): 151-177."""""	" Despite the many benefits of involving undergraduates in research and the growing number of undergraduate research programs, few scholars have investigated the factors that affect faculty members’ decisions to involve undergraduates in their research projects. We investigated the individual factors and institutional contexts that predict faculty members’ likelihood of engaging undergraduates in their research project(s). Using data from the Higher Education Research Institute’s 2007–2008 Faculty Survey, we employ hierarchical generalized linear modeling to analyze data from 4,832 science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) faculty across 194 institutions to examine how organizational citizenship behavior theory and social exchange theory relate to mentoring students in research. Key findings show that faculty who work in the life sciences and those who receive government funding for their research are more likely to involve undergraduates in their research project(s). In addition, faculty at liberal arts or historically Black colleges are significantly more likely to involve undergraduate students in research. Implications for advancing undergraduate research opportunities are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Earley, M. A. (2014). A synthesis of the literature on research methods education."" Teaching in Higher Education 19(3): 242-253."""	553	"Earley, M. A. (2014). """"A synthesis of the literature on research methods education."""" Teaching in Higher Education 19(3): 242-253."""""	" The purpose of this research synthesis is to examine the current research on teaching and learning research methods. The aims are to understand the themes present in the current literature and identify gaps in our understanding of how we teach, and how students learn, research methods. A synthesis of 89 studies generated three themes: (1) characteristics of students taking a research methods course, (2) teaching methods and techniques, and (3) content and course goals. Gaps identified include a lack of research on assessment and on what and how students learn in research methods courses. The majority of studies reviewed were teacher reports of attempted teaching strategies so that an additional need exists for other types of research into the teaching and learning of research methods such as case studies of students' learning or experimental studies of assessment techniques. Suggestions for instructors and future research are considered."""
1	"Eberhardt, L. S., et al. (2015). Engaging Students in Inquiry through Behavioral Bioassays of Aquatic Macroinvertebrates."" American Biology Teacher 77(9): 681-688."""	554	"Eberhardt, L. S., et al. (2015). """"Engaging Students in Inquiry through Behavioral Bioassays of Aquatic Macroinvertebrates."""" American Biology Teacher 77(9): 681-688."""""	" Laboratories in introductory biology must engage and excite students in ways that effectively prepare them to succeed in upper-level courses in a field with a rapidly increasing body of knowledge. Our inquiry-based lab immerses students in the process of science by asking them to develop behavioral bioassays to test the response of aquatic macroinvertebrates to various pollutants. Students begin with literature review and hypothesis generation on an open-ended question  continue through experimental design, data collection, and analysis  and finish with writing a paper that is peer reviewed. A series of weekly lab activities serves to scaffold key skills that enable completion of the behavioral bioassays, and a final field aquatic-biomonitoring project connects lab work to real-life environmental issues. Because not much is known about how certain pollutants affect the behavior of specific aquatic invertebrates, students' curiosity is piqued by new discovery, and instructors are engaged by the sense of partnering with students to explore the unknown. This module requires that students engage in core biological concepts, including the significance of variation in living organisms, the structure and function of organisms, and impacts of environmental change on both homeostasis and populations."""
1	"Eckhoff, A. (2016). Partners in inquiry: A collaborative life science investigation with preservice teachers and kindergarten students."" Early Childhood Education Journal."""	555	"Eckhoff, A. (2016). """"Partners in inquiry: A collaborative life science investigation with preservice teachers and kindergarten students."""" Early Childhood Education Journal."""""	" This article documents a collaborative project involving preservice early childhood education students’ development of inquiry-based learning experiences alongside kindergarten students within a science methods course. To document this project, I utilized a multiple methods approach and data included classroom observations, transcripts from lesson planning sessions, preservice teachers’ reflection journals, kindergarten science journals, and pre- and post-measurements for preservice teachers on the Draw-A-Scientist Test (DAST) (Chambers in Sci Educ 67(2):225–265, 1983) and the Science Teaching Efficacy Beliefs Inventory—B (STEBI-B) (Enochs and Riggs in Sch Sci Math 90(8):694–706, 1990). Analysis of the DAST, STEBI-B, and qualitative data revealed that the preservice teachers developed stronger understandings of inquiry-based science and self-efficacy beliefs related to their practice following participation in the collaborative project. While development of inquiry understandings and efficacy-related beliefs improved throughout the project, the preservice teachers voiced concerns over the challenges of integrating inquiry instruction within pedagogically restrictive contemporary classroom environments. Additionally, this research strongly suggests the need for early childhood teacher educators to take an active role in the construction of teaching and learning experiences that promote opportunities for preservice teachers to experience the process of developing effective inquiry-based, integrated science experiences within the supportive environment of a teacher education program. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Edwards, D. (2010). The Future of the Research Workforce: Estimating Demand for PhDs in Australia."" Journal of Higher Education Policy and Management 32(2): 199-210."""	556	"Edwards, D. (2010). """"The Future of the Research Workforce: Estimating Demand for PhDs in Australia."""" Journal of Higher Education Policy and Management 32(2): 199-210."""""	" As the developed world becomes more reliant on knowledge as a vital part of economic growth and development, the importance of highly skilled workers who can create, disseminate and use new knowledge becomes integral. Within Australia, recent policies relating to higher education and research have prompted new thinking about the extent to which the research training in Australia is able to facilitate growth, given the economy's current reliance on natural resources is unsustainable (Cutler, 2008). This paper draws on work undertaken for the Australian Department of Innovation, Industry, Science and Research specified to examine issues relating to the research workforce. It focuses on estimating the extent of workforce demand for the PhD in Australia between now and 2020. The research presented here is intended to stimulate further thought and research about these issues and the extent to which policy can be created to facilitate the sustainable growth of Australia's knowledge economy. (Contains 3 tables and 2 figures.)"""
0	"Edwards, N., et al. (2009). Building capacity for nurse-led research."" International Nursing Review 56(1): 88-94."""	557	"Edwards, N., et al. (2009). """"Building capacity for nurse-led research."""" International Nursing Review 56(1): 88-94."""""	" To discuss factors that have influenced the development of research capacity among nurses in lower and middle-income countries (LMICs). Concerned health scientists have addressed the importance of building research capacity among health professionals. Strengthening capacity specifically among LMIC nurses has been infrequently discussed. Without the requisite educational preparation or an enabling environment for research, nurses are unlikely to either demand research capacity-building opportunities or initiate research examining nursing practice and health system challenges. A scan was conducted of nine internationally funded research capacity-building initiatives to identify programme targeting and the proportion of nurse trainees. A literature review examined graduate and post-graduate training opportunities for LMIC nurses, and barriers and enablers to nurses' involvement in research. Informal consultations were held with nurse leaders in 15 LMICs and leaders of eight LMIC nursing organizations. The scan found a generic targeting of health professionals with a very low percentage of nurse trainees. Programmes specifically targeting nurses did attract and prepare a significant number of nurses. Factors limiting nurses' involvement in research include hierarchies of power among disciplines, scarce resources, a lack of graduate and post-graduate education opportunities, few senior mentors, and prolonged underfunding of nursing research. Fully engaging LMIC nurses in health services research may yield pragmatic and evidence-informed service delivery and policy recommendations. Investments in supports for nursing research capacity may enrich global health policy effectiveness and improve quality of care."""
0	"Eeds, A., et al. (2014). The School for Science and Math at Vanderbilt: An Innovative Research-Based Program for High School Students."" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 13(2): 297-310."""	558	"Eeds, A., et al. (2014). """"The School for Science and Math at Vanderbilt: An Innovative Research-Based Program for High School Students."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 13(2): 297-310."""""	" The School for Science and Math at Vanderbilt (SSMV) is an innovative partnership program between a Research I private university and a large urban public school system. The SSMV was started in 2007 and currently has 101 students enrolled in the program, with a total of 60 students who have completed the 4-yr sequential program. Students attend the SSMV for one full day per week during the school year and 3-6 wk in the summers following their ninth-to 11th-grade years, with each grade of 26 students coming to the Vanderbilt campus on a separate day. The research-based curriculum focuses on guiding students through the process of learning to develop questions and hypotheses, designing projects and performing analyses, and communicating results of these projects. The SSMV program has elevated the learning outcomes of students as evidenced by increased achievement scores relative to a comparison group of students  has provided a rigorous research-based science, technology, engineering, and mathematics elective curriculum that culminates in a Summer research internship  has produced 27 Intel and Siemens semifinalists and regional finalists over the past 4 yr  and has supported the development of writing and communication skills resulting in regional and national oral presentations and publications in scientific journals."""
0	"Egede, L. E. and C. Y. Osborn (2010). Role of motivation in the relationship between depression, self-care, and glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes."" The Diabetes Educator 36(2): 276-283."""	559	"Egede, L. E. and C. Y. Osborn (2010). """"Role of motivation in the relationship between depression, self-care, and glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes."""" The Diabetes Educator 36(2): 276-283."""""	" Purpose: The mechanism by which depression influences health outcomes in persons with diabetes is uncertain. The purpose of this study was to test whether depression is related to self-care behavior via social motivation and indirectly related to glycemic control via self-care behavior. Methods: Patients with diabetes were recruited from an outpatient clinic. Information gathered pertained to demographics, depression, and diabetes knowledge (information)  diabetes fatalism (personal motivation)  social support (social motivation)  and diabetes self-care (behavior). Hemoglobin A1C values were extracted from the patient medical record. Structural equation models tested the predicted pathways. Results: Higher levels of depressive symptoms were significantly related to having less social support and decreased performance of diabetes self-care behavior. In addition, when depressive symptoms were included in the model, fatalistic attitudes were no longer associated with behavioral performance. Conclusions: Among adults with diabetes, depression impedes the adoption of effective self-management behaviors (including physical activity, appropriate dietary behavior, foot care, and appropriate self-monitoring of blood glucose behavior) through a decrease in social motivation. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Egorov, E. E., et al. (2015). Some Aspects of the Implementation of the Principle of Transparency in Russian Universities: Research, Experience, Perspectives."" International Education Studies 8(5): 191-204."""	560	"Egorov, E. E., et al. (2015). """"Some Aspects of the Implementation of the Principle of Transparency in Russian Universities: Research, Experience, Perspectives."""" International Education Studies 8(5): 191-204."""""	" The aim of this study is to identify achieved successes, existing gaps and possible prospects of implementing the principle of transparency by Russian universities. It was focused upon the information transparency of educational activities from the perspective of legal requirements and interests of applicants and university students. The analysis of the implementation of the principle of transparency of Russian universities is conducted in this article by the reflection of information on the activities of the institution of higher education on the website and related network services. Here are revealed the typical shortcomings of universities to work with sites and generalized directions to develop this activity."""
0	"Eke, G., et al. (2012). Testing a model of research intention among U.K. Clinical psychologists: A logistic regression analysis."" Journal of Clinical Psychology 68(3): 263-278."""	561	"Eke, G., et al. (2012). """"Testing a model of research intention among U.K. Clinical psychologists: A logistic regression analysis."""" Journal of Clinical Psychology 68(3): 263-278."""""	" Objectives Previous research highlights barriers to clinical psychologists conducting research, but has rarely examined U.K. clinical psychologists. The study investigated U.K. clinical psychologists’ self-reported research output and tested part of a theoretical model of factors influencing their intention to conduct research. Methods Questionnaires were mailed to 1,300 U.K. clinical psychologists. Results Three hundred and seventy-four questionnaires were returned (29% response-rate). This study replicated in a U.K. sample the finding that the modal number of publications was zero, highlighted in a number of U.K. and U.S. studies. Research intention was bimodally distributed, and logistic regression classified 78% of cases successfully. Outcome expectations, perceived behavioral control and normative beliefs mediated between research training environment and intention. Conclusions Further research should explore how research is negotiated in clinical roles, and this issue should be incorporated into prequalification training. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Ekeroma, A. J., et al. (2014). Building reproductive health research and audit capacity and activity in the pacific islands (BRRACAP) study: methods, rationale and baseline results."" Bmc Medical Education 14."""	562	"Ekeroma, A. J., et al. (2014). """"Building reproductive health research and audit capacity and activity in the pacific islands (BRRACAP) study: methods, rationale and baseline results."""" Bmc Medical Education 14."""""	" Background: Clinical research and audit in reproductive health is essential to improve reproductive health outcomes and to address the Millennium Development Goals 4 and 5. Research training, mentoring and a supportive participatory research environment have been shown to increase research activity and capacity in low to middle income countries (LMIC). This paper details the methods, rationale and baseline findings of a research program aimed at increasing clinical research activity and audit in the six Pacific Islands of Fiji, Samoa, Tonga, Vanuatu, Cook Islands and the Solomon Islands. Method: Twenty-eight clinician participants were selected by the five Ministries of Health and the Fiji National University to undergo a research capacity building program which includes a research workshop and mentoring support to perform research and audit as teams in their country. Data on the participants' characteristics, knowledge and experiences were collected from structured interviews, questionnaires, focus groups, and an online survey. The interviews and the two focus groups were audio-recorded and all replies were analysed in a thematic framework. Results: The 28 participants included 9 nurses/midwives, 17 medical doctors of whom 8 were specialists in reproductive health and 2 other health workers. Most (24, 86%) were required to perform research as part of their employment and yet 17 (61%) were not confident in writing a research proposal, 13 (46%) could not use an electronic spreadsheet and the same number had not analysed quantitative data. The limited environmental enablers contributed to poor capacity with only 11 (46%) having access to a library, 10 (42%) receiving management support and 6 (25%) having access to an experienced researcher. Barriers to research that affected more than 70% of the participants were time constraints, poor coordination, no funding and a lack of skills. Conclusion: Building a research capacity program appropriate for the diversity of Pacific clinicians required research evidence and collaborative effort of key stakeholders in the Pacific Islands and the region. The participants had limited research knowledge, skills and experience and would require individualized training and continuous intensive mentorship to realize their potential as clinician researchers for their services in the Pacific."""
0	"Ekeroma, A. J., et al. (2016). Development and use of a research productivity assessment tool for clinicians in low-resource settings in the Pacific Islands: a Delphi study."" Health Research Policy and Systems 14."""	563	"Ekeroma, A. J., et al. (2016). """"Development and use of a research productivity assessment tool for clinicians in low-resource settings in the Pacific Islands: a Delphi study."""" Health Research Policy and Systems 14."""""	" Background: Research performance assessments have proliferated, but research indicators for use amongst clinicians in poorly resourced countries have been ill-defined. The aims of the present paper were to determine a set of indicators as determined by clinician participants from the Pacific Islands and a panel of research experts for use in the performance assessment of clinicians. Methods: Two focus group discussions, one for nurses and one for doctors, were used to obtain the views of 28 Pacific Island clinicians of the BRRACAP Study about what the research indicators should be. A modified Delphi survey was used to obtain a consensus amongst 19 research experts, with Pacific Island research experience, as to what the indicators should be and then to rank these in terms of importance. A survey of the participants obtained data on the research tasks/actions performed 20 months after the initial research workshop. A resultant tool comprising of 21 indicators was used to assess the performance of 18 Pacific participants. Results: The Pacific Island clinicians determined that research was important and that performance should be measured. They identified research indicators that could be used in their settings and ranked their importance using a points system. The panel of experts identified implementation of research findings, collaborations and actual change in practice as more important, with bibliometric measurements low down in the scale. Although only 64 % of the 28 BRRACAP Study participants returned the questionnaire, 39 % of those performed more than half of the 21 indicators used. Of the 18 Pacific clinicians assessed, 7 (39 %) performed 10 or more tasks. Conclusions: A research performance assessment tool was developed using process and output indicators identified by Pacific clinicians and a panel of research experts. The tool, which placed emphasis on process and outputs that were not bibliometric based, proved useful in assessing the performance of Pacific clinicians working in a low-resource setting."""
0	"El Hussein, M., et al. (2015). Assessing the FACTS: A Mnemonic for Teaching and Learning the Rapid Assessment of Rigor in Qualitative Research Studies."" Qualitative Report 20(8): 1182-1184."""	564	"El Hussein, M., et al. (2015). """"Assessing the FACTS: A Mnemonic for Teaching and Learning the Rapid Assessment of Rigor in Qualitative Research Studies."""" Qualitative Report 20(8): 1182-1184."""""	" Teaching and learning research appraisal strategies is a challenge in undergraduate education and for practitioners alike. The appraisal of rigor in qualitative research papers is particularly complex and sophisticated work for many undergraduate research students and practitioners who want to develop their critical reading skills. The mnemonic strategy (The FACTS) explained in this paper is one pedagogical strategy for establishing a simplified approach to teaching and learning the appraisal of rigor in qualitative research. While not a comprehensive tool, the FACTS are a useful introduction to the complex challenge of qualitative research appraisal."""
0	"El Obaid, Y., et al. (2016). Perceptions and Attitudes towards Medical Research in the United Arab Emirates: Results from the Abu Dhabi Cohort Study (ADCS) Focus Group Discussions."" Plos One 11(3)."""	565	"El Obaid, Y., et al. (2016). """"Perceptions and Attitudes towards Medical Research in the United Arab Emirates: Results from the Abu Dhabi Cohort Study (ADCS) Focus Group Discussions."""" Plos One 11(3)."""""	" Background In developing medical research, particularly in regions where medical research is largely unfamiliar, it is important to understand public perceptions and attitudes towards medical research. In preparation for starting the first cohort study in the United Arab Emirates, the Abu Dhabi Cohort Study (ADCS), we sought to understand how we could improve the quality of the research process for participants and increase public trust and awareness of research. Methods We conducted six focus groups (FG), consisting of Emirati men and women aged above 18 years to resemble the target population for the ADCS. Sampling was purposive and convenient. Data collection was an iterative process until saturation was reached with no new themes identified. Text from each FG was analyzed separately by identifying emerging issues and organizing related concepts into categories or themes. A coding tree was developed, consisting of the main concepts, themes, subthemes and corresponding quotes. Both themes and main ideas were identified using inductive analysis. Results Forty-two participants enrolled at 3 academic centers (New York University Abu Dhabi, UAE University, Zayed University) and the Abu Dhabi blood bank. Focus group participants described lack of awareness of research as a challenge to participation in clinical research studies. Altruism, personal relevance of the research, and the use of role models were commonly identified motivators. Participants were generally satisfied with the informed consent process for the ADCS, but would be disappointed if not provided test results or study outcomes. Fear of a breach in confidentiality was a frequently expressed concern. Conclusions Participants join research studies for varied, complex reasons, notably altruism and personal relevance. Based on these insights, we propose specific actions to enhance participant recruitment, retention and satisfaction in the ADCS. We identified opportunities to improve the research experience through improved study materials and communication to participants and the broader community."""
1	"Elder, A. D. (2015). Using a Brief Form of Problem-Based Learning in a Research Methods Class: Perspectives of Instructor and Students."" Journal of University Teaching and Learning Practice 12(1): 14."""	566	"Elder, A. D. (2015). """"Using a Brief Form of Problem-Based Learning in a Research Methods Class: Perspectives of Instructor and Students."""" Journal of University Teaching and Learning Practice 12(1): 14."""""	" Problem based learning (PBL) is an instructional method aimed at engaging students in collaboratively solving an ill-structured problem. PBL has been presented and researched as an overhaul of existing curriculum design, yet a modified version may be attractive to college instructors who desire active learning on the part of their students, but who cannot completely reorganize their current course design. A brief case using principles of PBL was constructed for use in an undergraduate research methods class. Instructor planning and student reflections highlight roles and skills demanded in the PBL classroom. Planned conceptual issues were successfully covered during the brief PBL case. In addition, important yet unforeseen topics emerged during the discussions and were seen as helpful for the activity and instructional objectives. Reported student perspectives indicated that the objectives of the PBL activity were successfully accomplished: students learned research concepts, engaged in discussion with peers, and were actively involved with and motivated by the authentic activity. This work supports the suggestion that a brief version of PBL may be an attractive option to instructors interested in having students be more actively engaged in the classroom. Further research on variations of PBL is encouraged."""
0	"Elkassem, W., et al. (2013). Advancing the pharmacy practice research agenda: views and experiences of pharmacists in Qatar."" International Journal of Clinical Pharmacy 35(5): 692-696."""	567	"Elkassem, W., et al. (2013). """"Advancing the pharmacy practice research agenda: views and experiences of pharmacists in Qatar."""" International Journal of Clinical Pharmacy 35(5): 692-696."""""	" Background There is little emphasis on pharmacy practice research in Qatar, with a lack of relevant education and training and a notable lack of exposure to processes of research. Objective To describe views and attitudes of pharmacists in Qatar to pharmacy practice research prior to and following a 2 day introductory research workshop. Method All pharmacists (n = 350) were invited to express interest in attending. All participants were required to complete a questionnaire covering views and attitudes relating to research. Workshop sessions were on: research questions  critically appraising literature  developing research methods  collecting and analysing data  and disseminating findings. Participants completed a post-course evaluation questionnaire. Results Of the ninety expressing interest, 47 were selected and participated in the first training day, with 40 of these also attending the second day. Participants expressed positive views and attitudes towards research. Most (46/47) strongly agreed/agreed that it was their professional duty to be involved  all strongly agreed/agreed with importance of an evidence base to support practice  but there were issues around time, support and training. The research workshops were positively evaluated by participants. Conclusion Findings indicate pharmacists' willingness to participate in research training in Qatar. However, there is a need to ensure that views and attitudes translate into research participation thus enhancing the evidence base."""
1	"Ellington, R., et al. (2010). RNA Secondary Structure Prediction by Using Discrete Mathematics: An Interdisciplinary Research Experience for Undergraduate Students."" CBE - Life Sciences Education 9(3): 348-356."""	568	"Ellington, R., et al. (2010). """"RNA Secondary Structure Prediction by Using Discrete Mathematics: An Interdisciplinary Research Experience for Undergraduate Students."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 9(3): 348-356."""""	" The focus of this Research Experience for Undergraduates (REU) project was on RNA secondary structure prediction by using a lattice walk approach. The lattice walk approach is a combinatorial and computational biology method used to enumerate possible secondary structures and predict RNA secondary structure from RNA sequences. The method uses discrete mathematical techniques and identifies specified base pairs as parameters. The goal of the REU was to introduce upper-level undergraduate students to the principles and challenges of interdisciplinary research in molecular biology and discrete mathematics. At the beginning of the project, students from the biology and mathematics departments of a mid-sized university received instruction on the role of secondary structure in the function of eukaryotic RNAs and RNA viruses, RNA related to combinatorics, and the National Center for Biotechnology Information resources. The student research projects focused on RNA secondary structure prediction on a regulatory region of the yellow fever virus RNA genome and on an untranslated region of an mRNA of a gene associated with the neurological disorder epilepsy. At the end of the project, the REU students gave poster and oral presentations, and they submitted written final project reports to the program director. The outcome of the REU was that the students gained transferable knowledge and skills in bioinformatics and an awareness of the applications of discrete mathematics to biological research problems. (Contains 1 figure.)"""
0	"Elliott, J. M., et al. (2008). The Role of the Laboratory in Chemistry Instruction."" Journal of Chemical Education 85(1): 145-149."""	569	"Elliott, J. M., et al. (2008). """"The Role of the Laboratory in Chemistry Instruction."""" Journal of Chemical Education 85(1): 145-149."""""	" In an attempt to establish the role of the laboratory in chemistry instruction, an historical perspective is developed, in the hope of extracting the consensus of commentators on the subject concerning the important features of the laboratory experience. We present arguments to support the idea that laboratory instruction involves student experiences that mimic what chemists do. We discuss possible techniques to formalize (i.e., in a standard classroom setting) the research experience. (Contains 3 notes.)"""
0	"Ellis, A., et al. (2016). Systematic review to understand and improve care after stillbirth: a review of parents' and healthcare professionals' experiences."" Bmc Pregnancy and Childbirth 16."""	570	"Ellis, A., et al. (2016). """"Systematic review to understand and improve care after stillbirth: a review of parents' and healthcare professionals' experiences."""" Bmc Pregnancy and Childbirth 16."""""	" Background: 2.7 million babies were stillborn in 2015 worldwide "" behind these statistics lie the experiences of bereaved parents. The first Lancet series on stillbirth in 2011 described stillbirth as one of the """"most shamefully neglected"""" areas of public health, recommended improving interaction between families and frontline caregivers and made a plea for increased investment in relevant research. Methods: A systematic review of qualitative, quantitative and mixed-method studies researching parents and healthcare professionals experiences of care after stillbirth in high-income westernised countries (Europe, North America, Australia and South Africa) was conducted. The review was designed to inform research, training and improve care for parents who experience stillbirth. Results: Four thousand four hundred eighty eight abstracts were identified""  52 studies were eligible for inclusion. Synthesis and quantitative aggregation (meta-summary) was used to extract findings and calculate frequency effect sizes (FES%) for each theme (shown in italics), a measure of the prevalence of that finding in the included studies. Researchers' areas of interest may influence reporting of findings in the literature and result in higher FES sizes, such as  support memory making (53 %) and fathers have different needs (18 %). Other parental findings were more unexpected  Parents want increased public awareness (20 %) and for stillbirth care to be prioritised (5 %). Parental findings highlighted lessons for staff  prepare parents for vaginal birth (23 %), discuss concerns (13 %), give options & time (20 %), privacy not abandonment (30 %), tailored post-mortem discussions (20 %) and post-natal information (30 %). Parental and staff findings were often related  behaviours and actions of staff have a memorable impact on parents (53 %) whilst staff described emotional, knowledge and system-based barriers to providing effective care (100 %). Parents reported distress being caused by midwives hiding behind 'doing' and ritualising guidelines whilst staff described distancing themselves from parents and focusing on tasks as coping strategies. Parents and staff both identified the need for improved training (parents 25 % & staff 57 %)  continuity of care (parents 15 % & staff 36 %)  supportive systems & structures (parents 50 %)  and clear care pathways (parents 5 %). Conclusions: Parents' and healthcare workers' experiences of stillbirth can inform training, improve the provision of care and highlight areas for future research."""
0	"Ellis, G. and T. Weekes (2008). Making Sustainability ""Real"": Using Group-Enquiry to Promote Education for Sustainable Development."" Environmental Education Research 14(4): 482-500."""	571	"Ellis, G. and T. Weekes (2008). """"Making Sustainability """"Real"""": Using Group-Enquiry to Promote Education for Sustainable Development."""" Environmental Education Research 14(4): 482-500."""""	" Sustainable development is now widely held as a transcendental ideal of town and country planning, yet the way in which it is taught in planning schools remains problematic. This arises from a range of factors, including the all-persuasive nature of sustainability and the lack of solid examples of success through implementation. The issue of how best to promote learning for sustainable development in planning has arguably intensified in the last two years in the case of the Royal Town Planning Institute-sponsored ""fast track"""" one-year Masters, which has reduced the opportunities for students to engage in wider (and perhaps even deeper) concepts, including that of sustainable development. This paper explores this through discussion of a specific project developed at Queen's University Belfast, facilitated by a grant from the UK Higher Education Academy. Working with a local community, this entailed a group of students working on their Masters thesis collectively addressing issues of sustainable regeneration in a small Irish market town. The design of the project draws heavily on the concepts of enquiry based learning, experiential learning and action competence, which are seen as being central to improving education for sustainable development (ESD). The paper explores the benefits of such an approach and discusses the ways in which this experience can help enhance student's experience of ESD. (Contains 10 notes.)"""""
0	"Elmore, K. C., et al. (2016). Media as a 'super peer': How adolescents interpret media messages predicts their perception of alcohol and tobacco use norms."" Journal of Youth and Adolescence."""	572	"Elmore, K. C., et al. (2016). """"Media as a 'super peer': How adolescents interpret media messages predicts their perception of alcohol and tobacco use norms."""" Journal of Youth and Adolescence."""""	" Adolescents’ media environment offers information about who uses substances and what happens as a result—how youth interpret these messages likely determines their impact on normative beliefs about alcohol and tobacco use. The Message Interpretation Processing (MIP) theory predicts that substance use norms are influenced by cognitions associated with the interpretation of media messages. This cross-sectional study examined whether high school adolescents’ (n = 817, 48 % female, 64 % white) media-related cognitions (i.e., similarity, realism, desirability, identification) were related to their perceptions of substance use norms. Results revealed that adolescents’ media-related cognitions explained a significant amount of variance in perceived social approval for and estimated prevalence of peer alcohol and tobacco use, above and beyond previous use and demographic covariates. Compared to prevalence norms, social approval norms were more closely related to adolescents’ media-related cognitions. Results suggest that critical thinking about media messages can inhibit normative perceptions that are likely to increase adolescents’ interest in alcohol and tobacco use. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Elster, D., et al. (2014). Raising Standards through INQUIRE in Pre-Service Teacher Education."" Science Education International 25(1): 29-39."""	573	"Elster, D., et al. (2014). """"Raising Standards through INQUIRE in Pre-Service Teacher Education."""" Science Education International 25(1): 29-39."""""	" Raising standards through inquiry-based science education (IBSE)--what are the challenges for pre-service teacher education? What do ongoing teachers and active teachers learn from each other when planning, conducting and evaluating minds-on and hands-on IBSE activities in the classroom? What do they learn ""beyond"""" IBSE? The Bremen teacher education course """"INQUIRE for Teacher Students--inquiry-based learning in the context of biodiversity loss and climate change"""" aims to raise standards in teacher education using IBSE methods in an innovative manner. Science educators, botanists and botanic garden educators support Learning Communities of ongoing and active teachers in the development of IBSE school projects for students of the lower secondary level. The evaluation the course measures the professional growth of the participating teacher students regarding their PCK and subject knowledge, the successfulness of the Learning Communities and the implementation of the course in the regular teacher education program. The course is part of the European FW7 project INQUIRE (http://www.inquirebotany.org/en)."""""
0	"Elston, J. K., et al. (2013). Building Indigenous Australian research capacity."" Contemporary Nurse 46(1): 6-12."""	574	"Elston, J. K., et al. (2013). """"Building Indigenous Australian research capacity."""" Contemporary Nurse 46(1): 6-12."""""	" Objectives: To build individual Indigenous research capacity and strengthen the capability of health research programmes to be culturally and ethically inclusive of Indigenous Australians in public health research. Methods: In order to facilitate optimal participation and in recognition of the differing levels of research experience and knowledge held within this community of practice, an inclusive and culturally appropriate mixed methods approach with influences from action research and Indigenous research principles was undertaken. Results: Over the duration of the project, participants improved their research outcomes as measured by a range of factors including publications, completion of degrees and retention of project members. Conclusions: Provision of an Indigenous led, culturally appropriate system of infrastructure and support centred on capacity building is effective in strengthen the inclusion of Indigenous Australians in research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Emans, S. J., et al. (2010). Improving adolescent and young adult health — Training the next generation of physician scientists in transdisciplinary research."" Journal of Adolescent Health 46(2): 100-109."""	575	"Emans, S. J., et al. (2010). """"Improving adolescent and young adult health — Training the next generation of physician scientists in transdisciplinary research."""" Journal of Adolescent Health 46(2): 100-109."""""	" To address the critical shortage of physician scientists in the field of adolescent medicine, a conference of academic leaders and representatives from foundations, National Institutes of Health, Maternal and Child Health Bureau, and the American Board of Pediatrics was convened to discuss training in transdisciplinary research, facilitators and barriers of successful career trajectories, models of training, and mentorship. The following eight recommendations were made to improve training and career development: incorporate more teaching and mentoring on adolescent health research in medical schools  explore opportunities and electives to enhance clinical and research training of residents in adolescent health  broaden educational goals for Adolescent Medicine fellowship research training and develop an intensive transdisciplinary research track  redesign the career pathway for the development of faculty physician scientists transitioning from fellowship to faculty positions  expand formal collaborations between Leadership Education in Adolescent Health/other Adolescent Medicine Fellowship Programs and federal, foundation, and institutional programs  develop research forums at national meetings and opportunities for critical feedback and mentoring across programs  educate Institutional Review Boards about special requirements for high quality adolescent health research  and address the trainee and faculty career development issues specific to women and minorities to enhance opportunities for academic success. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Emanuel, E. J. and V. R. Fuchs (2012). 'Shortening medical education': In reply."" JAMA: Journal of the American Medical Association 308(2): 136-136."""	576	"Emanuel, E. J. and V. R. Fuchs (2012). """"'Shortening medical education': In reply."""" JAMA: Journal of the American Medical Association 308(2): 136-136."""""	" Reply by the current authors to the comments made by E. J. Emanuel and V. R. Fuchs (see record [rid]2012-20049-005[/rid]), (see record [rid]2012-20049-006[/rid]), (see record [rid]2012-20049-007[/rid]) and (see record [rid]2012-20049-008[/rid]) on the original article (see record [rid]2012-08319-001[/rid]). We need to clarify 2 confusions about our proposal to reduce the length of medical training by 30%. We do not want to preclude students from completing 4 years of college prior to enrolling in medical school. A liberal arts degree is valuable in itself. We agree with Duvivier and colleagues that nontraditional experiences in college and medical school can be enlightening. We meant that a college degree should not be a necessary requirement for becoming a medical student. Those who are judged ready for medical school should be admitted based on their merits, not years of training. Similarly, by eliminating the required research years of surgical and subspecialty training programs,we did not mean that physicians should no longer become researchers. Rather, this research training should not be required because it is wasted on the majority who are destined for full-time clinical practice. They will not use the skills and it takes away from their real learning through practice. We agree with Rao and Dlouhy that a large volume of clinical experience is important to the training of high quality clinicians. However, by diverting years to research, the current subspecialty and surgical training schedules actually undermine high volumes of clinical experience. Selection of specialties is a complex process without a clear metric of success. Some students know what specialty they want to go into, while others select one and change part way through their training. If training time is reduced by 30%, students who think they have made a mistake selecting their specialty will have extra years to switch. We agree with the writers who suggest a greater need to move away from fixed time training programs to incorporate personalized learning models. This is one way to cut training time by 30%. We cannot agree with Drolet and White about the need to retain the ideal of the clinician-researcher-teacher. This ideal—and the training regimen associated with it—has contributed to the current system's dysfunction. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Emerson, A. and G. J. Williams (2012). An Innovative Approach to Encouraging Spiral Learning for Third-Year Undergraduates."" Psychology Teaching Review 18(2): 126-133."""	577	"Emerson, A. and G. J. Williams (2012). """"An Innovative Approach to Encouraging Spiral Learning for Third-Year Undergraduates."""" Psychology Teaching Review 18(2): 126-133."""""	" A series of tutorials was re-designed to further engage students in spiral learning and highlight development of transferable skills. The tutorials focused on self-directed and enquiry-based learning, both of which provided particular challenges to students and staff. The students were randomly allocated a media article related to psychology as a focus to their studies and the module was assessed by presentation and report. Students were encouraged to work together to develop ideas and provide peer feedback on drafts of their work. Feedback from students was overall more positive about the module than in previous years, particularly in respect to the extent to which they were helped to develop transferable skills. (Contains 1 table.)"""
0	"Emrick, J. J. and A. Gullard (2013). Integrating Research into Dental Student Training: A Global Necessity."" Journal of Dental Research 92(12): 1053-1055."""	578	"Emrick, J. J. and A. Gullard (2013). """"Integrating Research into Dental Student Training: A Global Necessity."""" Journal of Dental Research 92(12): 1053-1055."""""	" The integration of research into dental education is necessary to ensure that evidence-based practice reaches the clinical setting and that dentistry remains a scientifically driven health profession. Consequently, dental accreditation standards in the United States and Canada require dental schools to integrate research components into curricula. Organizations (e.g., NIDCR, ADEA, AADR, IADR, and NSRG) provide some opportunities for dental students to experience research. Assessment of the integration of research into dental curricula suggests that US students are interested in learning and utilizing evidence-based practice, but lack adequate time for research participation. Records show limited student involvement in research organizations internationally (i.e., AADR and IADR). Vague accreditation standards and limited research opportunities outside of dental schools may be barriers. We lack an understanding of the status of integration of research into dental curricula internationally, but predict that similar issues exist. We propose that dental institutions consider implementing the following: (1) curriculum components to assess the use of evidence-based practice, (2) faculty and student seminars for discussing evidence-based practice, (3) subsidization of student membership in dental research organizations (e.g., AADR and IADR), and (4) sponsorship of students as institutional representatives at annual research meetings (e.g., IADR, AADR, ADA, and ADEA meetings), with subsequent school-wide dissemination of knowledge attained from attendance."""
0	"Enderle, P., et al. (2014). Examining the Influence of RETs on Science Teacher Beliefs and Practice."" Science Education 98(6): 1077-1108."""	579	"Enderle, P., et al. (2014). """"Examining the Influence of RETs on Science Teacher Beliefs and Practice."""" Science Education 98(6): 1077-1108."""""	" Following the argument that an explicit focus on teacher thinking is an important outcome for professional development (Capps, Crawford, & Costas, 2012  Desimone, 2009), the research presented here examines the impact of one form of professional development, Research Experiences for Teachers (RETs), has in shaping teachers' beliefs and affect related to inquiry in the classroom. By examining two distinct forms of RETs, this study incorporates 5 years of data collected from more than 100 RET participants, which include elementary, middle, and high school teachers. Evidence was drawn from analysis of multiple instruments measuring science teachers' self-efficacy (STEBI), pedagogical discontentment (STPD), teachers' beliefs about teaching and learning (TBI), and Contextual Beliefs about Teaching Science (CBATS). The results indicate that both RET programs were successful in shaping teachers' beliefs and affect--particularly in decreasing pedagogical discontentment and enhancing beliefs about reform. However, the RET program that focused mainly on teacher practice was more successful in shaping teachers' beliefs and was the only program to show an influence on teachers' practice."""
0	"Enders, F. (2011). Evaluating Mastery of Biostatistics for Medical Researchers: Need for a New Assessment Tool."" Cts-Clinical and Translational Science 4(6): 448-454."""	580	"Enders, F. (2011). """"Evaluating Mastery of Biostatistics for Medical Researchers: Need for a New Assessment Tool."""" Cts-Clinical and Translational Science 4(6): 448-454."""""	" Research training has enabled academic clinicians to contribute significantly to the body of medical research literature. Biostatistics represents a critical methodological skill for such researchers, as statistical methods are increasingly a necessary part of medical research. However, there is no validated knowledge and skills assessment for graduate level biostatistics for academic medical researchers. In this paper, I review graduate level statistical competencies and existing instruments intended to assess physicians ability to read the medical literature and for undergraduate statistics for their alignment with core competencies necessary for successful use of statistics. This analysis shows a need for a new instrument to assess biostatistical competencies for medical researchers. Clin Trans Sci 2011  Volume 4: 448454"""
0	"Engelbrecht, P. (2012). Research in a South African Faculty of Education: A Transformative Approach."" Perspectives in Education 30(3): 39-49."""	581	"Engelbrecht, P. (2012). """"Research in a South African Faculty of Education: A Transformative Approach."""" Perspectives in Education 30(3): 39-49."""""	" National and international developments in higher education and the resultant pressure on universities to demonstrate excellence, including excellence in research, had a far-reaching effect on faculties of education who had traditionally focused more on excellence in teaching than on research. In South Africa, as part of transformation policies after 1994, the South African government made a deliberate effort to restructure the higher education landscape, resulting in a number of enforced mergers between universities and teacher education colleges. These complex contextual issues had a profound effect on research development in education faculties. This paper focuses on a transformative approach to research development initiatives in a South African faculty of education over a period of three to four years. (Contains 3 tables.)"""
0	"Englesbe, M. J., et al. (2011). Young Transplant Surgeons and NIH Funding."" American Journal of Transplantation 11(2): 245-252."""	582	"Englesbe, M. J., et al. (2011). """"Young Transplant Surgeons and NIH Funding."""" American Journal of Transplantation 11(2): 245-252."""""	" Transplant surgeons have historically been instrumental in advancing the science of transplantation. However, research in the current environment inevitably requires external funding, and the classic career development pathway for a junior investigator is the NIH K award. We matched transplant surgeons who completed fellowships between 1998 and 2004 with the NIH funding database, and also queried them regarding research effort and attitudes. Of 373 surgeons who completed a fellowship, only 6 (1.8%) received a K award  of these, 3 subsequently obtained R-level funding. An additional 5 individuals received an R-level grant within their first 5 years as faculty without a K award, 3 of whom had received a prior ASTS-sponsored award. Survey respondents reported extensive research experience during their training (78.8% spent median 24 months), a high proportion of graduate research degrees (36%), and a strong desire for more research time (78%). However, they reported clinical burdens and lack of mentorship as their primary perceived barriers to successful research careers. The very low rate of NIH funding for young transplant surgeons, combined with survey results that indicate their desire to participate in research, suggest institutional barriers to access that may warrant attention by the ASTS and the transplant surgery community."""
0	"Ensslin, S. R., et al. (2015). Research opportunities in performance measurement in public utilities regulation."" International Journal of Productivity and Performance Management 64(7): 994-1017."""	583	"Ensslin, S. R., et al. (2015). """"Research opportunities in performance measurement in public utilities regulation."""" International Journal of Productivity and Performance Management 64(7): 994-1017."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to propose a method to choose a set of scientific articles about performance measurement in public utilities regulation. The method is designed to identify references with high academic relevance in databases accessed via the internet, and, through these articles, to perform a mapping of these publications and conduct a systemic analysis. Design/methodology/approach: The study is characterized as exploratory and descriptive with a qualitative and quantitative approach. Incorporates an inductive logic, and draws on primary and secondary data sources. The research involves the application of a technical procedure for selection and study of selected articles. To this end, the process selected was the Knowledge Development Process—Constructivist (ProKnow-C). Findings: The result was a set of 16 renowned scientific articles and, for these papers, the main periodicals, papers, authors and keywords of the topic stood out. The content analysis allowed the identification of highlights and opportunities for future research. Originality/value: The originality of the paper lies in presenting a structured process for identifying relevant academic articles relating to the research context and, for these articles, find prominences and opportunities for a research theme without similar papers. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Eosco, G. M., et al. (2014). Exploring Societal and Ethical Views of Nanotechnology REUs."" Nanoethics 8(1): 91-99."""	584	"Eosco, G. M., et al. (2014). """"Exploring Societal and Ethical Views of Nanotechnology REUs."""" Nanoethics 8(1): 91-99."""""	" Little previous research has examined attitudes about societal and ethical issues (SEI) among interns participating in research experience for undergraduate programs (REUs) in nanotechnology, thus neglecting an important population for understanding the burgeoning views of the next generation of nanotechnology researchers. This study surveyed a sample of interns (N=85) participating in the National Nanotechnology Infrastructure Network's (NNIN) REU program during the summer of 2012. Our questions focused on interns' experiences with education on ethical issues, as well as their attribution of responsibility for considering ethical issues, motivations to talk about ethical issues, and comfort level of discussing ethical issues with faculty, mentors, lab staff, and other REU students. Among key findings was that lab culture related to the extent to which REU interns felt comfortable discussing ethical issues. In addition, those who reported more discussions about ethical issues with their mentors were more likely to consider themselves as responsible for considering ethical issues. We conclude with recommendations and future research directions."""
0	"Erdogan, S., et al. (2013). Using the Omaha System to Describe Health Problems, Interventions, and Outcomes in Home Care in Istanbul, Turkey A Student Informatics Research Experience."" Cin-Computers Informatics Nursing 31(6): 290-298."""	585	"Erdogan, S., et al. (2013). """"Using the Omaha System to Describe Health Problems, Interventions, and Outcomes in Home Care in Istanbul, Turkey A Student Informatics Research Experience."""" Cin-Computers Informatics Nursing 31(6): 290-298."""""	" Preparing nursing students to achieve informatics competencies is essential in today's information-intensive healthcare delivery systems. This study aimed to provide hands-on informatics experience to nursing students and to identify the frequency and type of home care clients' health problems, nursing interventions, and outcomes using a standardized nursing terminology, the Omaha System. Data were collected by 159 nursing students on home visits to 598 clients, who received 8657 interventions from students and faculty for 2267 problems, in addition to the services provided by the home care centers. Skin, neuromusculoskelatal function, personal care, nutrition, and urinary function were the most common problems. The most common intervention category was teaching, guidance, and counseling (47%), followed by treatments and procedures (22%), surveillance (22%), and case management (9%). Outcomes evaluation showed significant improvement in 97.5% of the identified problems. Students gained informatics experience in the use of a standardized nursing language in electronic health records, data management, and use of nursing data at the basic practice level. This study demonstrated that the Omaha System was a useful data collection tool for evaluating problems, interventions, and outcomes in home care and a positive teaching and learning tool for baccalaureate nursing education."""
0	"Eriksson, C. C. G., et al. (2014). Academic practice-policy partnerships for health promotion research: Experiences from three research programs."" Scandinavian Journal of Public Health 42: 88-95."""	586	"Eriksson, C. C. G., et al. (2014). """"Academic practice-policy partnerships for health promotion research: Experiences from three research programs."""" Scandinavian Journal of Public Health 42: 88-95."""""	" Background: The development of knowledge for health promotion requires an effective mechanism for collaboration between academics, practitioners, and policymakers. The challenge is better to understand the dynamic and ever-changing context of the researcher-practitioner-policymaker-community relationship. Aims: The aims were to explore the factors that foster Academic Practice Policy (APP) partnerships, and to systematically and transparently to review three cases. Methods: Three partnerships were included: Power and Commitment-Alcohol and Drug Prevention by Non-Governmental Organizations in Sweden  Healthy City-Social Inclusion, Urban Governance, and Sustainable Welfare Development  and Empowering Families with Teenagers-Ideals and Reality in Karlskoga and Degerfors. The analysis includes searching for evidence for three hypotheses concerning contextual factors in multi-stakeholder collaboration, and the cumulative effects of partnership synergy. Results: APP partnerships emerge during different phases of research and development. Contextual factors are important  researchers need to be trusted by practitioners and politicians. During planning, it is important to involve the relevant partners. During the implementation phase, time is important. During data collection and capacity building, it is important to have shared objectives for and dialogues about research. Finally, dissemination needs to be integrated into any partnership. The links between process and outcomes in participatory research (PR) can be described by the theory of partnership synergy, which includes consideration of how PR can ensure culturally and logistically appropriate research, enhance recruitment capacity, and generate professional capacity and competence in stakeholder groups. Moreover, there are PR synergies over time. Conclusions: The fundamentals of a genuine partnership are communication, collaboration, shared visions, and willingness of all stakeholders to learn from one another."""
0	"Ernst, D. C., et al. (2015). Enhancing proof writing via cross-institutional peer review."" PRIMUS: Problems, Resources, and Issues in Mathematics Undergraduate Studies 25(2): 121-130."""	587	"Ernst, D. C., et al. (2015). """"Enhancing proof writing via cross-institutional peer review."""" PRIMUS: Problems, Resources, and Issues in Mathematics Undergraduate Studies 25(2): 121-130."""""	" In the Spring of 2011, two of the authors of this paper taught number theory courses at their respective institutions. Twice during the semester, students in each class submitted proofs of two to three theorems to be peer reviewed by students in the other class. Each student wrote anonymous and formal referee reports of the submitted theorems, which were then returned to the original student author. In this paper we detail the peer review process, discuss a survey that gauged student perception of peer review, and reflect on the strengths and weaknesses of this pedagogical method. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Eroglu, C. and A. M. Knemeyer (2010). EXPLORING THE POTENTIAL EFFECTS OF FORECASTER MOTIVATIONAL ORIENTATION AND GENDER ON JUDGMENTAL ADJUSTMENTS OF STATISTICAL FORECASTS."" Journal of Business Logistics 31(1): 179-+."""	588	"Eroglu, C. and A. M. Knemeyer (2010). """"EXPLORING THE POTENTIAL EFFECTS OF FORECASTER MOTIVATIONAL ORIENTATION AND GENDER ON JUDGMENTAL ADJUSTMENTS OF STATISTICAL FORECASTS."""" Journal of Business Logistics 31(1): 179-+."""""	" The growing adoption of demand collaboration initiatives such as Collaborative Planning, Forecasting, and Replenishment (CPFR) has made judgmental adjustments of forecasts, an already widespread forecasting practice, an increasingly routine part of many logistics managers' responsibilities. This article investigates how logistics managers might improve forecast accuracy by judgmentally adjusting statistical forecasts and potential factors that may influence the effectiveness of such adjustments. In particular, our goal is to expand current knowledge in this area by focusing on individual differences, specifically motivation and gender, which have been thus far neglected in the extant literature. Our findings indicate that motivation has a significant effect on accuracy improvement and this relationship is moderated by gender. Managerial implications of these findings and future research opportunities are also presented."""
1	"Ersoy, A. F. and T. Çengelci (2008). The research experience of social studies pre-service teachers: A qualitative study."" Kuram ve Uygulamada Eğitim Bilimleri 8(2): 541-554."""	589	"Ersoy, A. F. and T. Çengelci (2008). """"The research experience of social studies pre-service teachers: A qualitative study."""" Kuram ve Uygulamada Eğitim Bilimleri 8(2): 541-554."""""	" Improving teachers' reflective thinking skills about their instructional applications in their classrooms and their suggestions to solve the problems they face during teaching have become more important since the 80s. Reflective thinking is not only important for the professional development of teachers but it also plays a significant role in the institutional development of schools, eventually in the development of the society. Teachers' taking part in their teachings as researchers depends on their ability to adopt a researcher role and their experience in research. The participants of the present study were a group of third-grade pre-service teachers who were attending the Social Studies Teacher Education Program in the Education Faculty of Anadolu University. The study was conducted in order to understand the pre-service teachers' perceptions of their research experience in the scope of the course titled Research Method in Social Sciences. The data were collected in June, 2006 by using semi-structured interviews held with a total of 24 volunteering pre-service teachers. All the participants, 8 males and 16 females, were selected by using criterion sampling method. Content analysis was used to analyze the data. Findings showed that most pre-service teachers believed that teachers should conduct research for the purpose of solving the problems they might encounter in the learning-teaching process and for the purpose of professional development. Another finding was that the pre-service teachers considered the research process as a different experience, although they described the process as 'difficult.' Most pre-service teachers also stated that they learned the research processes and understood research articles and theses. They pointed out that they were more willing to conduct a research after their experiences. In this process, some pre-service teachers experienced various problems in areas such as the description of the research problems, data collection, time management, data analysis, and group work. The pre-service teachers suggested that the course of Research Method in Social Sciences should take place in all teacher education programs in Turkey, the course should be offered with more course credits, and it should include field-experience. Final suggestion was that pre-service teachers should be guided effectively in the entire research process. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Eschiti, V., et al. (2012). Native Cancer Navigation: The State of the Science."" Clinical Journal of Oncology Nursing 16(1): 73-+."""	590	"Eschiti, V., et al. (2012). """"Native Cancer Navigation: The State of the Science."""" Clinical Journal of Oncology Nursing 16(1): 73-+."""""	" The purpose of this literature review is to determine the current state of the science for the effectiveness of patient navigation on improving outcomes of cancer care across the continuum among Native Americans. The research will help healthcare professionals ascertain potential evidence-based practice guidelines and gaps in knowledge, which may provide direction for future research. Data synthesis included the use of Native navigation for cancer care, which has been demonstrated in limited, nonrandomized studies to improve cancer knowledge, access to care, and quality of life for Native Americans. Those studies had limitations, including small sample size, self-report of outcome measures, and lack of randomization. Evidence is insufficient to conclude that the use of Native navigation is superior to usual cancer care for Native American patients. Oncology nurses have a role in training personnel to serve as cancer navigators. Nurses need to be supportive of culturally appropriate navigation programs and know about services provided by navigators. In addition, nurse educators need to encourage Native Americans in their communities to consider choosing nursing as a profession. If an oncology nurse has an interest in research, opportunities exist to assist with or conduct research projects regarding Native cancer navigation. A particular need exists for addressing the gaps in research identified in this article."""
0	"Eskil, M., et al. (2010). Students' Opinions on Using Classroom Technology in Science and Technology Lessons--A Case Study for Turkey (Kilis City)."" Turkish Online Journal of Educational Technology - TOJET 9(1): 165-175."""	591	"Eskil, M., et al. (2010). """"Students' Opinions on Using Classroom Technology in Science and Technology Lessons--A Case Study for Turkey (Kilis City)."""" Turkish Online Journal of Educational Technology - TOJET 9(1): 165-175."""""	" This paper intends to explore the opinions of 9-13 year old students' perspective regarding the interaction with classroom technology (CT) in Science and Technology (S&T) lessons in Kilis city of Turkey. The issues discussed here can provide some ideas for educators to improve their teaching. Two types of students are used from private schools: from schools with high levels of teaching resources (HLTR), and from schools with low levels of teaching resources (LLTR). The students are surveyed in five general areas related to CT. The population of the study is 263 students (4. and 5 class) which belongs to four different primary schools in Kilis city. Subjects (participants) were chosen through random sampling. ""Personal Data Form"""" and """"Survey About Students' Opinions on Using CT in S&T Lessons"""" which were improved by the researchers were used as data collection tools. From this research, some differences have been found in students' point of view on which it leads support on learning, drawing attention, increasing the research opportunities and the effects of computers on learning according to the school types by using CT in S&T lessons. (Contains 14 tables.)"""""
0	"Espinoza, F. (2007). The Use of Graphical Analysis with Microcomputer-Based Laboratories to Implement Inquiry as the Primary Mode of Learning Science."" Journal of Educational Technology Systems 35(3): 315-335."""	592	"Espinoza, F. (2007). """"The Use of Graphical Analysis with Microcomputer-Based Laboratories to Implement Inquiry as the Primary Mode of Learning Science."""" Journal of Educational Technology Systems 35(3): 315-335."""""	" The laboratory-learning environment needs to become more exploratory and undergo a transformation from its traditional confirmatory role in the learning of science. This is necessary to effectively allow students to achieve scientific literacy. The availability of powerful tools for data collection and analysis provides an opportunity for students to engage in activities similar to those found in scientific work. An investigation of science teachers' use of microcomputer-based laboratories in inquiry-based activities shows the benefits inherent in the technology  in particular, an improvement in performance on content-related tasks and in using process skills necessary for inquiry-based learning was found. The ability to correctly predict the outcome of an experiment is strongly correlated with the agreement between different modalities used in the prediction. Thus, performance on science tasks using graphical analysis can be enhanced by the described methodology  recommendations are offered for successful implementation of inquiry-based instruction. (Contains 1 table and 8 figures.)"""
0	"Estape-Garrastazu, E. S., et al. (2014). Clinical and Translational Research Capacity Building Needs in Minority Medical and Health Science Hispanic Institutions."" Cts-Clinical and Translational Science 7(5): 406-412."""	593	"Estape-Garrastazu, E. S., et al. (2014). """"Clinical and Translational Research Capacity Building Needs in Minority Medical and Health Science Hispanic Institutions."""" Cts-Clinical and Translational Science 7(5): 406-412."""""	" A preliminary needs assessment was conducted among faculty and students of three minority medical and health science institutions comprising the Puerto Rico Clinical and Translational Research Consortium (PRCTRC). The Web-based survey was focused on evaluating the training interests in the clinical and translational research core areas and competencies developed by the National Institutes of Health-Clinical and Translational Sciences Award. The survey was the result of a team effort of three PRCTRC key function's leaderships: Multidisciplinary Training and Career Development, Tracking and Evaluation and Community Research and Engagement. The questionnaire included 45 items distributed across five content areas including demographics, research training needs, training activities coordination and knowledge about the services offered by the PRCTRC. Analysis of research needs includes a sample distribution according to professor, assistant/associate professor and graduate students. The thematic area with highest response rate among the three groups was: Identify major clinical/public health problems and relevant translational research questions, with the competency Identify basic and preclinical studies that are potential testable clinical research hypothesis. These preliminary results will guide the training and professional development of the new generation of clinical and translational researchers needed to eliminate health disparities."""
0	"Estow, S., et al. (2011). Practice Makes Perfect: Improving Students' Skills in Understanding and Avoiding Plagiarism with a Themed Methods Course."" Teaching of Psychology 38(4): 255-258."""	594	"Estow, S., et al. (2011). """"Practice Makes Perfect: Improving Students' Skills in Understanding and Avoiding Plagiarism with a Themed Methods Course."""" Teaching of Psychology 38(4): 255-258."""""	" To address the issue of plagiarism, students in two undergraduate Research Methods and Analysis courses conducted, analyzed, and wrote up original research on the topic of plagiarism. Students in an otherwise identical course completed the same assignments but examined a different research topic. At the start and end of the semester, all students (n = 44) completed a homework assignment assessing plagiarism knowledge and paraphrasing skills. Students in the plagiarism-themed courses showed improvement in both knowledge and skills, and the strategies they suggested for avoiding plagiarism became more sophisticated as did the reasons for avoiding plagiarism. The control group did not show the same improvements. Results suggest repeated hands-on exposure to the topic of plagiarism improves plagiarism avoidance and understanding. (Contains 2 tables.)"""
0	"Evans, B. A., et al. (2013). How hard can it be to include research evidence and evaluation in local health policy implementation? Results from a mixed methods study."" Implementation Science 8."""	595	"Evans, B. A., et al. (2013). """"How hard can it be to include research evidence and evaluation in local health policy implementation? Results from a mixed methods study."""" Implementation Science 8."""""	" Background: Although an evidence-based approach is the ideal model for planning and delivering healthcare, barriers exist to using research evidence to implement and evaluate service change. This paper aims to inform policy implementation and evaluation by understanding the role of research evidence at the local level through implementation of a national chronic conditions management policy. Methods: We conducted a national email survey of health service commissioners at the most devolved level of decision-making in Wales (Local Health Boards - LHBs) followed by in-depth interviews with representatives of LHBs, purposively selecting five to reflect geographic and economic characteristics. Survey data were analysed descriptively  we used thematic analysis for interview data. Results: All LHBs (n = 22) completed questionnaires. All reported they routinely assessed the research literature before implementing interventions, but free-text answers revealed wide variation in approach. Most commonly reported information sources included personal contacts, needs assessments, information or research databases. No consistent approach to evaluation was reported. Frequently reported challenges were: insufficient staff capacity (17/22)  limited skills, cost, limited time, competing priorities (16/22)  availability and quality of routine data (15/22). Respondents reported they would value central guidance on evaluation. Five interviews were held with managers from the five LHBs contacted. Service delivery decisions were informed by Welsh Government initiatives and priorities, budgets, perceived good practice, personal knowledge, and local needs, but did not include formal research evidence, they reported. Decision making was a collaborative process including clinical staff, patient representatives, and partner organization managers with varying levels of research experience. Robust evaluation data were required, but they were constrained by a lack of skills, time, and resources. They viewed evaluation as a means of demonstrating that targets had been met. Conclusions: There is a gap between evidence-based aims of national health policy and how health services are commissioned, implemented, and evaluated at local level. Commissioners and managers are unable to routinely incorporate research evidence. If health services research is to identify most effective ways to implement high quality care, it should be incorporated into commissioning and service delivery. Local commissioners and managers need to build the critical use of research evidence and evaluation into health policy implementation at local level in order to provide consistent and effective healthcare services."""
0	"Evans, C., et al. (2012). Balancing the Yin and Yang: The Role of Universities in Developing Softer Skills in Accountancy."" Industry and Higher Education 26(1): 63-70."""	596	"Evans, C., et al. (2012). """"Balancing the Yin and Yang: The Role of Universities in Developing Softer Skills in Accountancy."""" Industry and Higher Education 26(1): 63-70."""""	" This paper presents an examination of the importance of softer skills in the accountancy profession and a discussion of the contribution that universities can make in supporting the development of these skills. With employers increasingly demanding a greater range of softer skills such as effective communication, the paper is intended to challenge universities to reflect on whether they are maximizing the opportunity to prepare individuals for a career in the accountancy profession. The authors suggest that university lecturers teaching accountancy studies may need to adopt alternative learning methodologies, such as enquiry-based learning, to develop students' softer skills effectively. (Contains 3 notes.)"""
0	"Evans, C., et al. (2014). An Online Community of Practice to Support Evidence-Based Physiotherapy Practice in Manual Therapy."" Journal of Continuing Education in the Health Professions 34(4): 215-223."""	597	"Evans, C., et al. (2014). """"An Online Community of Practice to Support Evidence-Based Physiotherapy Practice in Manual Therapy."""" Journal of Continuing Education in the Health Professions 34(4): 215-223."""""	" IntroductionThe purpose of this study was to explore how a community of practice promoted the creation and sharing of new knowledge in evidence-based manual therapy using Wenger's constructs of mutual engagement, joint enterprise, and shared repertoire as a theoretical framework. MethodsWe used a qualitative approach to analyze the discussion board contributions of the 19 physiotherapists who participated in the 10-week online continuing education course in evidence-based practice (EBP) in manual therapy. The course was founded on community of practice, constructivism, social, and situated learning principles. ResultsThe 1436 postings on 9 active discussion boards revealed that the community of practice was a social learning environment that supported strong participation and mutual engagement. Design features such as consistent facilitation, weekly guiding questions, and collaborative assignments promoted the creation and sharing of knowledge. Participants applied research evidence to the contexts in which they worked through reflective comparison of what they were reading to its applicability in their everyday practice. Participants' shared goals contributed to the common ground established in developing collective knowledge about different study designs, how to answer research questions, and the difficulties of conducting sound research. DiscussionAn online longitudinal community of practice utilized as a continuing education approach to deliver an online course based on constructivist and social learning principles allowed geographically dispersed physiotherapists to be mutually engaged in a joint enterprise in evidence-based manual therapy. Advantages included opportunity for reflection, modeling, and collaboration. Future studies should examine the impact of participation on clinical practice."""
0	"Evans, S. E., et al. (2009). Supervising and mentoring undergraduates: A graduate student perspective."" the Behavior Therapist 32(4): 77-82."""	598	"Evans, S. E., et al. (2009). """"Supervising and mentoring undergraduates: A graduate student perspective."""" the Behavior Therapist 32(4): 77-82."""""	" Supervising and mentoring both graduate and undergraduate students is a hallmark of most university-based faculty positions, and a body of literature exists aimed at studying and helping academicians effectively navigate this professorial duty. A related body of literature is geared toward helping undergraduate and graduate students seek out and benefit from effective faculty mentoring. However, in many research laboratories, graduate students also find themselves in supervisory and mentoring roles with undergraduate research assistants. In fact, survey data indicate that 75% of psychology graduate students report having at least some interaction with undergraduate students about research. In order to address this gap in the literature, we, a group of graduate students from a large research lab, pooled our experiences supervising and mentoring undergraduates. Our group consists of five clinical psychology graduate students, including four females and one male ranging from a third year predoctoral student to a first-year postdoctoral fellow who recently completed internship. Serving as a graduate student supervisor and mentor can be a gratifying experience, one that provides a unique opportunity to foster the interest of undergraduate research assistants in the research process in a very hands-on way. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Ezeh, A. C., et al. (2010). Building capacity for public and population health research in Africa: the consortium for advanced research training in Africa (CARTA) model."" Global Health Action 3."""	599	"Ezeh, A. C., et al. (2010). """"Building capacity for public and population health research in Africa: the consortium for advanced research training in Africa (CARTA) model."""" Global Health Action 3."""""	" Background: Globally, sub-Saharan Africa bears the greatest burden of disease. Strengthened research capacity to understand the social determinants of health among different African populations is key to addressing the drivers of poor health and developing interventions to improve health outcomes and health systems in the region. Yet, the continent clearly lacks centers of research excellence that can generate a strong evidence base to address the region's socio-economic and health problems. Objective and program overview: We describe the recently launched Consortium for Advanced Research Training in Africa (CARTA), which brings together a network of nine academic and four research institutions from West, East, Central, and Southern Africa, and select northern universities and training institutes. CARTA's program of activities comprises two primary, interrelated, and mutually reinforcing objectives: to strengthen research infrastructure and capacity at African universities  and to support doctoral training through the creation of a collaborative doctoral training program in population and public health. The ultimate goal of CARTA is to build local research capacity to understand the determinants of population health and effectively intervene to improve health outcomes and health systems. Conclusions: CARTA's focus on the local production of networked and high-skilled researchers committed to working in sub-Saharan Africa, and on the concomitant increase in local research and training capacity of African universities and research institutes addresses the inability of existing programs to create a critical mass of well-trained and networked researchers across the continent. The initiative's goal of strengthening human resources and university-wide systems critical to the success and sustainability of research productivity in public and population health will rejuvenate institutional teaching, research, and administrative systems."""
0	"Faber, C., et al. (2014). Development of Teachers as Scientists in Research Experiences for Teachers Programs."" Journal of Science Teacher Education 25(7): 785-806."""	600	"Faber, C., et al. (2014). """"Development of Teachers as Scientists in Research Experiences for Teachers Programs."""" Journal of Science Teacher Education 25(7): 785-806."""""	" This study examined the teachers' development as scientists for participants in three National Science Foundation Research Experiences for Teachers. Participants included secondary science and math teachers with varying levels of education and experience who were immersed in research environments related to engineering and science topics. Teachers' functionality as scientists was assessed in terms of independence, focus, relationships with mentors, structure, and ability to create new concepts. Hierarchies developed within these constructs allowed tracking of changes in functionality throughout the 6-week programs. Themes were further identified in teachers' weekly journal entries and exit interviews through inductive coding. Increases in functionality as scientists were observed for all teachers who completed both the program and exit interview (n = 27). Seven of the 27 teachers reached high science functionality  however, three of the teachers did not reach high functionality in any of the constructs during the program. No differences were observed in demographics or teaching experience between those who did and did not reach high functionality levels. Inductive coding revealed themes such as teachers' interactions with mentors and connections made between research and teaching, which allowed for descriptions of experiences for teachers at high and low levels of functionality. Teachers at high functionality levels adjusted to open-ended environments, transitioned from a guided experience to freedom, felt useful in the laboratory, and were self-motivated. In contrast, teachers at low functionality levels did not have a true research project, primarily focused on teaching aspects of the program, and did not display a transition of responsibilities."""
0	"Fadde, P. J. (2016). Instructional design for accelerated macrocognitive expertise in the baseball workplace."" Frontiers in Psychology 7."""	601	"Fadde, P. J. (2016). """"Instructional design for accelerated macrocognitive expertise in the baseball workplace."""" Frontiers in Psychology 7."""""	" The goal of accelerating expertise can leave researchers and trainers in human factors, naturalistic decision making, sport science, and expertise studies concerned about seemingly insufficient application of expert performance theories, findings and methods for training macrocognitive aspects of human performance. Video-occlusion methods perfected by sports expertise researchers have great instructional utility, in some cases offering an effective and inexpensive alternative to high-fidelity simulation. A key problem for instructional designers seems to be that expertise research done in laboratory and field settings doesn’t get adequately translated into workplace training. Therefore, this article presents a framework for better linkage of expertise research/training across laboratory, field, and workplace settings. It also uses a case study to trace the development and implementation of a macrocognitive training program in the very challenging workplace of the baseball batters’ box. This training, which was embedded for a full season in a college baseball team, targeted the perceptual-cognitive skill of pitch recognition that allows expert batters to circumvent limitations of human reaction time in order to hit a 90 mile-per-hour slider. While baseball batting has few analogous skills outside of sports, the instructional design principles of the training program developed to improve batting have wider applicability and implications. Its core operational principle, supported by information processing models but challenged by ecological models, decouples the perception-action link for targeted part-task training of the perception component, in much the same way that motor components routinely are isolated to leverage instructional efficiencies. After targeted perceptual training, perception and action were recoupled via transfer-appropriate tasks inspired by in situ research tasks. Using NCAA published statistics as performance measures, the cooperating team improved from middling performance to first in their conference in Runs Scored and team Batting Average. This case suggests that, beyond the usual considerations of effectiveness and efficiency, there are four challenges to embedded training in the workplace setting—namely: duration, curriculum, limited resources, and buy in. In the case reported here, and potentially in many domains beyond sports, part-task perceptual-cognitive training can improve targeted macrocognitive skills and thereby improve full-skill performance. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Fakayode, S. O., et al. (2014). Promoting Undergraduate STEM Education at a Historically Black College and University through Research Experience."" Journal of Chemical Education 91(5): 662."""	602	"Fakayode, S. O., et al. (2014). """"Promoting Undergraduate STEM Education at a Historically Black College and University through Research Experience."""" Journal of Chemical Education 91(5): 662."""""	" Diversification of our country's science talent pool is critically needed and can only be achieved by stimulating interest in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) among students from a wide variety of cultural backgrounds. However, motivating, increasing the number, improving retention rates, and graduation rates of underrepresented minority (URM) students in STEM disciplines continue to be a major challenge and of active pedagogical interest to historically black colleges and universities (HBCU). Early involvement of URM students in research is a viable strategy to excite minority students in STEM areas. This work reported the use of the Raising Achievement in Mathematics and Science (RAMS) scholar and Summer Undergraduate Research Experience (SURE) programs at Winston-Salem State University (WSSU) as a strategy for promoting and stimulating the interest of URM students in STEM education at a HBCU institution. The influence of the RAMS scholar and SURE programs on the retention rate and STEM education of the URM students was examined. The experience of RAMS scholars and SURE participants was also evaluated by administering a survey to the participants upon completion of the program. The retention rates of the RAMS scholars and SURE participants were better than that of non-RAMS scholars or non-SURE participants. The analysis of the survey results indicated that the RAMS scholar and SURE programs clearly generated URM student excitement, while promoting critical thinking, teamwork, and leadership skills. Moreover, RAMS scholars and SURE participants particularly enjoyed other program enrichment activities, including professional development seminars and social activities as well as poster and oral presentations at regional and national conferences."""
1	Falconer, J. and D. Holcomb (2008). Understanding Undergraduate Research Experiences from the Student Perspective: A Phenomenological Study of a Summer Student Research Program, Project Innovation, P.O. Box 8508 Spring Hill Station, Mobile, AL 36689-0508. 42: 869-878.	603	Falconer, J. and D. Holcomb (2008). Understanding Undergraduate Research Experiences from the Student Perspective: A Phenomenological Study of a Summer Student Research Program, Project Innovation, P.O. Box 8508 Spring Hill Station, Mobile, AL 36689-0508. 42: 869-878.	" Undergraduate research programs are becoming more prevalent, but research on the processes and outcomes is limited and deals largely with perceptions of student learning gains. This paper adds to the literature by describing undergraduate research activities from the student perspective. A phenomenological approach was used to analyze journals kept by 17 students during a summer research program. Results indicate that intellectual stimulation and personal relationships with other students and faculty were the most important elements of the research experience. Specific learning gains were not emphasized by student participants. Details of these results are presented to inform faculty mentors and academic administrators in the design and conduct of student research programs."""
0	"Fallon, B., et al. (2015). Increasing Research Capacity in Ontario Child Welfare Organizations: A Unique University-Child Welfare Agency Partnership."" Journal of Social Work Education 51: 12."""	604	"Fallon, B., et al. (2015). """"Increasing Research Capacity in Ontario Child Welfare Organizations: A Unique University-Child Welfare Agency Partnership."""" Journal of Social Work Education 51: 12."""""	" The objective of this article is to describe the successes and challenges of a unique knowledge mobilization initiative that was funded through the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada. This initiative focused on promoting knowledge mobilization by increasing the capacity of child welfare organizations in Ontario to conduct and use research. Building on existing knowledge mobilization models in Ontario, this initiative brought university-based researchers together with child welfare practitioners to use existing data sets from the Ontario Incidence Studies of Reported Child Abuse and Neglect. Overall, this knowledge mobilization initiative resulted in several positive outcomes. Along with the successes, the research team faced several challenges in implementing this initiative, which are described in detail."""
0	"Faupel-Badger, J., et al. (2014). Invigorating cancer prevention: Proposing core competencies in cancer prevention research training."" Journal of Cancer Education 29(1): 6-8."""	605	"Faupel-Badger, J., et al. (2014). """"Invigorating cancer prevention: Proposing core competencies in cancer prevention research training."""" Journal of Cancer Education 29(1): 6-8."""""	" This editorial discusses the core competencies in cancer prevention research training. It is noted that the new proposal for cancer prevention research training would embrace a competency-based model. Employing a competency-based model in cancer prevention training would enable trainees to develop a wider and more effective skill set than that obtained from traditional discipline specific research training. The goal is to prepare trainees to work across the diversity of disciplines involved in this field, responding to—and capitalizing on—the dynamic and collaborative nature of the research enterprise and to contribute with high impact to the field's mandate to improve public health. Competency-based training has been explored in many areas, such as medicine, clinical research, global health, public health, biomedical basic sciences research, and these existing models can be informative to the design of specific competencies for cancer prevention research training. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Feeney, R. G., et al. (2010). Assessing Stakeholder Perspectives on the Impacts of a Decade of Collaborative Fisheries Research in the Gulf of Maine and Georges Bank."" Marine and Coastal Fisheries 2(1): 205-216."""	606	"Feeney, R. G., et al. (2010). """"Assessing Stakeholder Perspectives on the Impacts of a Decade of Collaborative Fisheries Research in the Gulf of Maine and Georges Bank."""" Marine and Coastal Fisheries 2(1): 205-216."""""	" Analysis of the perceptions of commercial fishermen, marine scientists, and other stakeholders of the Gulf of Maine and Georges Bank ecosystem regarding collaborative fisheries research revealed that the benefits of collaboration have been extensive and that a loss of further research opportunities would be consequential. To date, more than 1,000 individuals have participated in research initiatives dedicated to promoting collaboration between scientists and fishermen. A series of eight public meetings were held in the summer of 2008 to determine from fishermen, scientists, and others how this collaboration has affected them, their communities, and the management of important marine resources. Of the 142 attendees, participation was greatest among fishermen (28%) and scientists (24%). The impact of collaborative fisheries research most frequently cited was an increase in the regional capacity to conduct research, utilizing the knowledge and expertise of fishermen and industry vessels as research platforms. Improvements in communication, relationships, and trust between science, industry, and other stakeholders were also lauded. In addition to the social impacts, the economic benefits included enhanced gear efficiency, new fishery opportunities, and help in sustaining fishing operations in times of more restrictive fisheries management. The most frequently cited potential impact of a loss in future funding were probable limits to the capacity of science and management to address local, emerging, or regulatory priorities. Less funding would result in fewer opportunities for stakeholders to work together, build trust, and network. We conclude that because the demands for stakeholder engagement and scientific information will only increase with the global shift toward ecosystem-based management, programs specifically designed to foster collaboration will play a critical role."""
0	"Feierabend, T., et al. (2011). Chemistry Teachers' Views on Teaching ""Climate Change""--An Interview Case Study from Research-Oriented Learning in Teacher Education."" Chemistry Education Research and Practice 12(1): 85-91."""	607	"Feierabend, T., et al. (2011). """"Chemistry Teachers' Views on Teaching """"Climate Change""""--An Interview Case Study from Research-Oriented Learning in Teacher Education."""" Chemistry Education Research and Practice 12(1): 85-91."""""	" This paper presents a case study from research-oriented learning in chemistry teacher education. The study evaluates the views of twenty experienced German chemistry teachers about the teaching of climate change in chemistry education. Data was collected using semi-structured interviews about the teachers' experiences and their views about desirable teaching practices. The interviews were conducted and evaluated by advanced chemistry student teachers in the framework of a university seminar. Analysis was done with an eye towards teachers' overall ideas concerning where this topic should come in the curriculum, the potential amount of time allocated to it, and the content of lessons connected to climate change within chemistry education. The results show a variety of different points of view. Although all the teachers emphasized, more or less, the importance of students' learning about climate change, they also documented a lack of consensus about the place within the chemistry curriculum for the impact of climate change. There is no consensus on whether to teach about the chemistry of climate change starting in early lower secondary education, or to postpone the issue completely until the upper secondary chemistry education. As there is no agreement about the place in the curriculum there is no agreement either about the different roles the single school subjects should play, or the amount of time to be dedicated to the issue of climate change. Concerning the suggested amount of time, the practices reported range from single periods on different aspects of climate change from time to time to individual teachers considering the issue to be so important as to teach whole self-contained units on the subject. Overall, it seems that for the majority of the teachers the great emphasis on learning about climate change mentioned by them, does not result in making climate change a prominent issue in its own right within the chemistry curriculum. (Contains 4 tables.)"""
0	"Feigerlova, E., et al. (2016). Predictors of High Motivation Score for Performing Research Initiation Fellowship, Master 1, Research Master 2, and PhD Curricula During Medical Studies A Strobe-Compliant Article."" Medicine 95(5): 1-9."""	608	"Feigerlova, E., et al. (2016). """"Predictors of High Motivation Score for Performing Research Initiation Fellowship, Master 1, Research Master 2, and PhD Curricula During Medical Studies A Strobe-Compliant Article."""" Medicine 95(5): 1-9."""""	" Translational research plays a crucial role in bridging the gap between fundamental and clinical research. The importance of integrating research training into medical education has been emphasized. Predictive factors that help to identify the most motivated medical students to perform academic research are unknown. In a cross-sectional study on a representative sample of 315 medical students, residents and attending physicians, using a comprehensive structured questionnaire we assessed motivations and obstacles to perform academic research curricula (ie, research initiation fellowship, Master 1, Research Master 2, and PhD). Independent predictive factors associated with high ""motivation score"""" (top quartile on motivation score ranging from 0 to 10) to enroll in academic research curricula were derived using multivariate logistic regression analysis. Independent predictors of high motivation score for performing Master 1 curriculum were: """"considering that the integration of translational research in medical curriculum is essential"""" (OR, 3.79""  95% CI, 1.49-9.59 "" P = 0.005) and """"knowledge of at least 2 research units within the university"""" (OR, 3.60""  95% CI, 2.01-6.47 "" P < 0.0001). Independent predictors of high motivation score for performing Research Master 2 curriculum were: """"attending physician"""" (OR, 4.60""  95% CI, 1.86-11.37  P = 0.001) "" """"considering that the integration of translational research in medical curriculum is essential"""" (OR, 4.12""  95% CI, 1.51-11.23  P = 0.006) "" """"knowledge of at least 2 research units within the university"""" (OR, 3.51""  95% CI, 1.91-6.46  P = 0.0001) "" and """"male gender"""" (OR, 1.82""  95% CI, 1.02-3.25 "" P = 0.04). Independent predictors of high motivation score for performing PhD curriculum were: """"considering that the integration of translational research in medical curriculum is essential"""" (OR, 5.94""  95% CI, 2.33-15.19 "" P = 0.0002) and """"knowledge of at least 2 research units within the university"""" (OR, 2.63""  95% CI, 1.46-4.77  P = 0.001). This is the first study that has identified factors determining motivations and barriers to carry out academic research curricula among undergraduate and postgraduate medical students. Improving these 2 areas will certainly have an impact on a better involvement of the next generation of physicians in translational medicine."""
0	"Fein, D. and Y. Kamio (2014). Commentary on The Reason I Jump by Naoki Higashida."" Journal of Developmental and Behavioral Pediatrics 35(8): 539-542."""	609	"Fein, D. and Y. Kamio (2014). """"Commentary on The Reason I Jump by Naoki Higashida."""" Journal of Developmental and Behavioral Pediatrics 35(8): 539-542."""""	" Comments on the book, The Reason I Jump by Naoki Higashida. The Reason I Jump has received worldwide notice, and parents have asked us about the book and its implications for their own children. We have read the book in light of our experience with affected children and their families and our knowledge of the clinical and research literature. D. Fein is a child neuropsychologist and Y. Kamio is a child psychiatrist  both have specialized in autism for many years, and both have had extensive clinical and research experience with autism. The purpose of this commentary is to raise some questions about how the book was created and its significance for understanding the nature of cognitive functioning in autism. We are concerned that the book will lead parents to believe that a child with severe autism could independently create such a book and perhaps believe that every child with autism has such capability, which could be harmful to families and affected children. It is very important to us for families, physicians, psychologists, and therapists to read this book with a questioning mind and form their own opinions about the issues raised below. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Feldman, A. and K. Pirog (2011). Authentic Science Research in Elementary School After-School Science Clubs."" Journal of Science Education and Technology 20(5): 494-507."""	612	"Feldman, A. and K. Pirog (2011). """"Authentic Science Research in Elementary School After-School Science Clubs."""" Journal of Science Education and Technology 20(5): 494-507."""""	" In this paper we report on teachers' and students' participation in authentic science research in out of school time science clubs at elementary schools. In the program four to five teachers worked alongside practicing scientists as part of their research groups. Each teacher facilitated a club with 10-15 students who, by extension, were members of the scientists' research groups. Over the 3 years of the project nearly 30 teachers and over 500 children participated in the clubs. In this paper we present a case study of teachers and children who worked with an analytic chemist at a major university whose field of research is environmental arsenic. We illustrate how the professor mentored the teachers and how they in turn mentored the children. We show how the elementary school teachers who had very little formal science education gained the expertise needed to mentor the children. We found that in less than one academic year the teachers were able to gain the knowledge and skills to facilitate the children's legitimate participation in authentic scientific research  and that the children gained the methodological and intellectual proficiency needed to contribute useful data and findings to the scientist's research program."""
1	"Feldman, A., et al. (2009). Research Education of New Scientists: Implications for Science Teacher Education."" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 46(4): 442-459."""	610	"Feldman, A., et al. (2009). """"Research Education of New Scientists: Implications for Science Teacher Education."""" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 46(4): 442-459."""""	" This study examined an interdisciplinary scientific research project to understand how graduate and undergraduate honors students team to do science. It was found that the education of the students occurs as part of an apprenticeship. The apprenticeship takes place in research groups. In general, research groups are structured in two ways: loosely organized and tightly organized, and have characteristics of both communities of practice and epistemic communities. Students have different roles in the research groups: novice researcher, proficient technician, or knowledge producer. Their role depends on their knowledge and skills, and their degree programs. It is possible for students to develop expertise along a continuum from novice researcher to knowledge producer. The members of the research group, including the professor and other students. facilitate the development of the students along the continuum of roles. Implications for the education of science teachers are discussed. (C) 2009 Wiley Periodicals. Inc. J Res Sci Teach 46: 442-459, 2009"""
1	"Feldman, A., et al. (2013). Becoming Researchers: The Participation of Undergraduate and Graduate Students in Scientific Research Groups."" Science Education 97(2): 218-243."""	611	"Feldman, A., et al. (2013). """"Becoming Researchers: The Participation of Undergraduate and Graduate Students in Scientific Research Groups."""" Science Education 97(2): 218-243."""""	" This study sought to understand how graduate and undergraduate students learn to do science by participating in research groups. A phenomenological approach was used to illuminate the experiences of the students. The results provide evidence that the students were in the role of apprentices, although this was not made explicit. As apprentices they learned by doing as legitimate peripheral participants in the groups. Mentoring was distributed among the group, with more advanced students providing much of it. The groups were both communities of practice and epistemic communities in which students gained methodological and intellectual proficiency. Finally, student learning in research groups can be conceptualized as learning trajectories that enter the group, traverse characteristics of communities of practice and epistemic communities, and leave with the students as novice researchers, proficient technicians, or knowledge producers. The implications for K-12 science education are that it is unrealistic to expect teachers to achieve the proficiency in traditional short-term research experiences that would prepare them to teach their students how to engage in authentic scientific research, and that these experiences should be structured so that the teachers are placed in tightly organized research groups with mentors who explicitly teach them how to do science. (Contains 4 figures and 1 table.)"""
1	"Feldon, D. F., et al. (2016). Cumulative advantage in the skill development of STEM graduate students: A mixed-methods study."" American Educational Research Journal 53(1): 132-161."""	613	"Feldon, D. F., et al. (2016). """"Cumulative advantage in the skill development of STEM graduate students: A mixed-methods study."""" American Educational Research Journal 53(1): 132-161."""""	" Studies of skill development often describe a process of cumulative advantage, in which small differences in initial skill compound over time, leading to increasing skill gaps between those with an initial advantage and those without. We offer evidence of a similar phenomenon accounting for differential patterns of research skill development in graduate students over an academic year and explore differences in socialization that accompany diverging developmental trajectories. As predicted, quantitative analysis indicated large effect sizes for skill gains after controlling for initial performance levels. Qualitative analyses indicated that students with initial advantages were more likely to report greater demands of independence by their advisors and see more extensive value in research tasks comparable to those assigned their less skilled peers. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Ferdous, A. S., et al. (2013). Developing an integrative model of internal and external marketing."" Journal of Strategic Marketing 21(7): 637-649."""	614	"Ferdous, A. S., et al. (2013). """"Developing an integrative model of internal and external marketing."""" Journal of Strategic Marketing 21(7): 637-649."""""	" The purpose of this paper is to propose a model which presents an expanded view of the beneficial impact of internal marketing (IM) in organizations. The model innovatively proposes links between the development of internal market orientation, internal marketing programs and external market orientation and external marketing programs. As a significant novel contribution to knowledge, this model advocates a continual process of improvement as marketing knowledge develops. Such an approach to the development of the marketing programs within an organization potentially increases business success and competitive advantage. The model has implications for organizational management, where internal marketing programs are desirous. Future research opportunities are suggested, including assessment of the model. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Fereday, G. (2015). Response to ‘A long‐term strategy for the profession’ by Nigel Burch."" British Journal of Psychotherapy 31(1): 134-135."""	615	"Fereday, G. (2015). """"Response to ‘A long‐term strategy for the profession’ by Nigel Burch."""" British Journal of Psychotherapy 31(1): 134-135."""""	" Comments on an article by Nigel Burch (see record [rid]2014-31370-011[/rid]). N. Burch is right to call for a long-term strategy for our profession, where psychoanalytic understanding of human relations ranks alongside economics in the formulation of public policy. At the famous 1918 Budapest conference, Freud and the early pioneers laid out their vision for the profession, seeing it as having three key components: research, training and subsidized clinics. There must change if the profession, and our training institutions, are to survive as anything other than being of interest only to a small number of well educated, relatively affluent people  either as trainees or patients. The profession needs to regain its confidence and voice to offer something to the contemporary debate about how society works and how we help those in emotional distress. We need to create a truly national, accountable profession with high standards of clinical competency, informed by evidence and research. We also need to collaborate with our colleagues outside our psychoanalytic community. Increasingly the BPC is working closely with UKCP and BACP, with counsellors, cognitive behavioural therapists, psychiatrists and psychologists. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Ferguson, H. and K. L. Wheat (2015). Early career academic mentoring using Twitter: the case of #ECRchat."" Journal of Higher Education Policy and Management 37(1): 3-13."""	616	"Ferguson, H. and K. L. Wheat (2015). """"Early career academic mentoring using Twitter: the case of #ECRchat."""" Journal of Higher Education Policy and Management 37(1): 3-13."""""	" Early career academics around the world frequently see themselves as being in need of targeted career support to navigate the years directly following PhD graduation. The growth of discussion groups on Twitter that target these users raises questions about their potential usefulness to address career development support needs. This paper reflects on the authors' experiences of starting a career development discussion group via Twitter for early career academics. Drawing on the group's tweets during its first year, we explore its role as a peer-mentoring forum that provides opportunities for support and knowledge sharing. We conclude that online communities like #ECRchat can be an important source of support, but that the norms developed within them may also individualise struggles and impose additional kinds of work on participants."""
1	"Fernando, E., et al. (2015). Celebrating 10 Years of Undergraduate Medical Education: A Student-Centered Evaluation of the Princess Margaret Cancer Centre-Determinants of Community Health Year 2 Program."" Journal of Cancer Education 30(2): 225-230."""	617	"Fernando, E., et al. (2015). """"Celebrating 10 Years of Undergraduate Medical Education: A Student-Centered Evaluation of the Princess Margaret Cancer Centre-Determinants of Community Health Year 2 Program."""" Journal of Cancer Education 30(2): 225-230."""""	" Between 2000 and 2011, over 170 second-year medical students participated in a Determinants of Community Health (DOCH 2) project at Princess Margaret Hospital (PMH). Students undertook community-based research projects at the hospital or with PMH community partners involving activities such as producing a literature review, writing a research proposal, obtaining ethics approval, carrying out data collection and analysis, presenting their data to classmates and supervisors, and production of a final report. An electronic survey consisting of both quantitative and qualitative questions was developed to evaluate the PMH-DOCH 2 program and was distributed to 144 past students with known email addresses. Fifty-eight students responded, a response rate of 40.3 %. Data analysis indicates that an increase in oncology knowledge, awareness of the impact of determinants of health on patients, and knowledge of research procedures increased participants' satisfaction and ability to conduct research following DOCH 2. Furthermore, the PMH-DOCH 2 program enhanced the development of CanMEDS competencies through career exploration and patient interaction as well as through shadowing physicians and other allied health professionals. In addition, some students felt their PMH-DOCH 2 projects played a beneficial role during their residency matching process. The PMH-DOCH 2 research program appeared to provide a positive experience for most participants and opportunities for medical students' professional growth and development outside the confines of traditional lecture-based courses."""
0	"Feros, D. L., et al. (2010). Allied health clinicians' beliefs and attitudes about medication adherence in depressive disorders."" Journal of Evaluation in Clinical Practice 16(6): 1361-1363."""	618	"Feros, D. L., et al. (2010). """"Allied health clinicians' beliefs and attitudes about medication adherence in depressive disorders."""" Journal of Evaluation in Clinical Practice 16(6): 1361-1363."""""	" The aim of this study was to examine how adherence knowledge, skills and beliefs influence allied health clinicians’ efforts to enhance primary care patient adherence to antidepressant medication. The authors also sought to establish whether clinicians’ knowledge, beliefs and skills would improve following completion of a Medication Alliance training program. In the first part of the study 72 primary care allied health clinicians, most of whom were psychologists (75%), followed by social workers (17%) and occupational therapists (8%) were recruited. In the second part of the study, 24 clinicians participated in the adherence skills training program, ‘Medication Alliance’. In the first study, clinician general beliefs about medicines were assessed using the Beliefs about Medicines Questionnaire (BMQ), while their specific beliefs with respect to the effectiveness of antidepressant medication in the treatment of depressive disorders was assessed with three questions developed for the study. In the second study, clinician knowledge was assessed using The Medication Alliance Clinical Knowledge Questionnaire, a 15-item multiple-choice questionnaire. A series of between-group t-tests were used to determine if previous training had any impact on BMQ, Adequacy, Effectiveness, Role and Strategy Use scales. The results revealed there were significant differences between those who received prior training and those who had not on all five measures with those receiving training using more strategies to enhance adherence and having more positive attitudes about medications and adherence efforts. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Ferrari, S., et al. (2015). Somatization among ethnic minorities and immigrants: Why does it matter to Consultation Liaison Psychiatry?"" Journal of Psychosomatic Research 79(1): 85-86."""	619	"Ferrari, S., et al. (2015). """"Somatization among ethnic minorities and immigrants: Why does it matter to Consultation Liaison Psychiatry?"""" Journal of Psychosomatic Research 79(1): 85-86."""""	" This article discusses the somatization among ethnic minorities and immigrants. The Cultural Consultation Liaison Psychiatry (CLP) Special Interest Group (SIG) currently constitutes a forum within the EAPM where to exchange clinical and research experiences with migrants and ethnic minorities. The main aims of the SIG are to promote and disseminate the translation of research findings and excellent clinical experience into standard of care, by the way of three main actions i.e. discussion of cultural issues of interest in establishing mental health services for migrant patients in different European countries, advice on training in cultural competence & promotion, organization and development of research on cultural effectiveness of care and care of mental health needs of migrants. A multi-disciplinary and international approach, as allowed within the EAPM SIG, may promote cross-cultural effectiveness in detecting and managing symptoms of somatization among migrants. As a SIG, one often experience the difficulty of putting together our heterogeneous backgrounds, but also enjoy and value this opportunity. The EAPM SIG on Cultural CLP welcomes colleagues interested in this field of research and clinical practice, who share our common perspective that a bio-psycho-social-cultural approach to mental disorders is pivotal in the understanding of their complexity. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Ferrero, A., et al. (2016). Psychopathological Functioning Levels (PFLs) and their possible relevance in psychiatric treatments: A qualitative research project."" BMC Psychiatry 16."""	620	"Ferrero, A., et al. (2016). """"Psychopathological Functioning Levels (PFLs) and their possible relevance in psychiatric treatments: A qualitative research project."""" BMC Psychiatry 16."""""	" Background: Symptoms description is often not enough to provide clinicians with guidelines for treatments and patients’ clinical history does not represent an exhaustive source of data. Psychopathological dysfunctions are known to relate to the core disturbances that underlie different forms of psychopathology so the identification of such dysfunctions could be helpful for treatments. Some tools are available although highly complex and lengthy. This study aimed to provide clinicians with an easy-to-administer instrument able to capture different levels of impairment in psychopathological functioning, namely the Psychopathological Functioning Levels—Rating Scale (PFL-RS). Methods: The Psychopathological Functioning Level—Research and Training Committee (PFL-RTC) has been established in Turin since 2002 including psychiatrists and clinical psychologists with extensive clinical and research experience. Our research was grounded on the Qualitative Research Criteria (QRC) 1-7 and conducted with subsequent steps in order to identify those core psychopathological dysfunctions to be rated by this tool. Results: From 2002 until 2014, 316 outpatients were administered the clinical interview on at least two different occasions. Diagnoses were mixed and included: Schizophrenic and Psychotic Disorders, Depressive Disorders, Anxiety Disorders, Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder, Post- Traumatic Stress Disorder, Somatic Symptoms Disorders, Eating Disorders and Personality Disorders. Focus groups were conducted to identify those psychopathological dysfunctions which needed to be rated, according to two Phenomenological Selection Criteria (PhSC) and four Etiopathogenetic Selection Criteria (EtSC). As a result, five dysfunctional areas emerged: Identity (ID)  Comprehension (CO)  Negative Emotions (NE)  Action-Regulation (AR)  Social Skills (SS). After checking such dimensions for consistency with the existing instruments, 7 levels of severity were identified for each area. Finally, a provisional Italian schedule of Psychopathological Functioning Levels – Rating Scale (PFL-RS) was obtained and checked for semantic comprehension and then administered gathering preliminary data. Conclusions: Psychopathological dysfunctions underlying mental disorders have been recognized in the present study with the PFL-RS. This instrument seems promising to inform in a specific way treatments strategies and goals, specifically concerning psychotherapy. Notwithstanding, further research is needed in order to confirm validity, sensitivity and reliability of this instrument. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0.5	"Ferrer-Vinent, I. J., et al. (2015). Introducing Scientific Literature to Honors General Chemistry Students: Teaching Information Literacy and the Nature of Research to First-Year Chemistry Students."" Journal of Chemical Education 92(4): 617-624."""	621	"Ferrer-Vinent, I. J., et al. (2015). """"Introducing Scientific Literature to Honors General Chemistry Students: Teaching Information Literacy and the Nature of Research to First-Year Chemistry Students."""" Journal of Chemical Education 92(4): 617-624."""""	" This paper describes the methodology and implementation of a case study introducing the scientific literature and creative experiment design to honors general chemistry laboratory students. The purpose of this study is to determine whether first-year chemistry students can develop information literacy skills while they engage with the primary chemical literature. Subject-specific library instruction was paired with student assignments by using the scientific literature as a resource for ideas on developing general chemistry experiments of their own creation. Student performance and experiences were measured through examination of literature search processes  bibliographic citation analysis  in-class exercises  course grades  and pre-, post-, and longitudinal surveys. Statistical analysis indicated a positive relationship between the number of literature resources viewed during course activities and the final course grade. We identified a way to measure students' ability to narrow a range of information down to an important few, which is an essential part of establishing information literacy. Results show that the approach provides immediate and long-term benefits to student performance. First-year students were capable of effectively using sophisticated literature search tools, and as evidenced by their perceptions, students placed a high value on these skills."""
0	"Fielden, S. J., et al. (2007). Key Considerations for Logic Model Development in Research Partnerships: A Canadian Case Study."" Evaluation and Program Planning 30(2): 115-124."""	622	"Fielden, S. J., et al. (2007). """"Key Considerations for Logic Model Development in Research Partnerships: A Canadian Case Study."""" Evaluation and Program Planning 30(2): 115-124."""""	" Community-academic partnership research is a fairly new genre of community-based participatory research. It has arisen in part, from recognition of the potential role of alliances in the development and translation of applied knowledge and the elimination of health disparities. This paper reports on the learning process of academic and community members who worked together in developing a logic model for a research program focusing on partnerships with vulnerable populations. The Partners in Community Health Research is a 6-year training program that seeks to combine research, training, and practice through the work of its ""learning clusters"""". As these types of partnerships proliferate, the articulation and exploration of clear models will assist in their implementation. The authors, coming from both academia and community agencies, present a logic model meant to facilitate program management. Key considerations in the model's development are discussed in the context of an ongoing research partnership""  namely, the complexity of the research partnership, power and accountability, alignment with health promotion policy, and the iterative nature of program design. Recommendations challenge academics, policy-makers, service providers, and community members to reflect on the elements needed to support and manage research partnerships and the tools necessary to ensure continued collaboration. (Contains 2 tables and 2 figures.)"""
0	"Finch, E., et al. (2015). Uncovering motivators and stumbling blocks: Exploring the clinical research experiences of speech-language pathologists."" International Journal of Speech-Language Pathology 17(2): 138-147."""	623	"Finch, E., et al. (2015). """"Uncovering motivators and stumbling blocks: Exploring the clinical research experiences of speech-language pathologists."""" International Journal of Speech-Language Pathology 17(2): 138-147."""""	" Purpose: Healthcare providers increasingly expect that allied health staff will not only translate research evidence into their clinical practice, but also generate research. Little is known about how well prepared clinicians are to meet these expectations. Research suggests that allied health professionals, including speech-language pathologists, have moderate levels of interest in research, but only little-to-moderate experience participating in research activities. The present study aimed to explore the experiences and attitudes of speech-language pathologists in regards to undertaking research in their clinical settings. Method: Focus groups were conducted with 21 practising speech-language pathologists (13 research engaged, eight not research engaged). The focus groups were transcribed and the data analysed qualitatively using content analysis. Result: Two overarching themes mediated research engagement. Engagement in research was shaped by whether participants overcame any 'fear' of research and the unique characteristics of their clinical context. Contextualizing and further shaping participants’ experiences of these themes were personal factors, such as initiative and proactivity. Conclusion: The success of increasing the research engagement of the speech-language pathology workforce may be contingent on providing clinicians with more exposure to research opportunities and mentors as well as ensuring organizational structures are in place to encourage, support and facilitate research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Finfgeld-Connett, D. (2010). Generalizability and transferability of meta-synthesis research findings."" Journal of Advanced Nursing 66(2): 246-254."""	624	"Finfgeld-Connett, D. (2010). """"Generalizability and transferability of meta-synthesis research findings."""" Journal of Advanced Nursing 66(2): 246-254."""""	" Aim: This paper is a report of a critical analysis of the generalizability and transferability of meta-synthesis research findings. Background: Findings from a large number of qualitative research investigations have had little impact on clinical practice and policy formation. Single qualitative investigations are not intended to produce findings that are directly applicable to clinical practice, simple literature reviews of qualitative studies are not conducted using sophisticated methods to develop new cumulative knowledge, and methods for systematically compiling and synthesizing qualitative findings have just recently been developed in nursing. Data sources:This analysis of qualitative review methods was based on over 10 years of meta-synthesis research experience and a non-time-limited cross-discipline search of the English-language literature related to qualitative research and generalizability. Discussion: Generalizability of meta-synthesis findings is enhanced by insuring validity through systematic sampling, second-tier triangulation, maintenance of well-documented audit trails and the development of multi-dimensional theory. Generalizability of meta-synthesis findings is tentative until successful transference to new situations takes place. Implications for nursing: Nurse researchers are urged to conduct well-designed and executed meta-synthesis investigations that have the potential to generate findings that are relevant to clinical practice and policy formation. They are also encouraged to disseminate their meta-synthesis findings skilfully and work with practitioners and policy-makers to apply and evaluate them judiciously in clinical settings. Conclusion: Qualitative meta-synthesis is a way of putting together qualitative findings from disparate investigations so that they can more readily be used in clinical practice and policy formation. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Fini, E. H. and M. Mellat-Parast (2012). Empirical Analysis of Effect of Project-Based Learning on Student Learning in Transportation Engineering."" Transportation Research Record(2285): 167-172."""	625	"Fini, E. H. and M. Mellat-Parast (2012). """"Empirical Analysis of Effect of Project-Based Learning on Student Learning in Transportation Engineering."""" Transportation Research Record(2285): 167-172."""""	" The paper discusses results of an ongoing study of the effect of project-based learning on students' learning outcomes in transportation engineering, a required junior-level course in the civil engineering curriculum. The course was taught in 2008, 2009, and 2010 by the same instructor. The course was transformed from a lecture-based course into a project-based course, integrating a semester-long project as a stimulus for students' learning. To evaluate and compare the effects of lecture-based and project. based teaching approaches on students' learning, a survey instrument from the Laboratory for Innovative Technology and Engineering Education was used. The survey instrument included five constructs for measuring five different aspects of students' learning: higher-order cognitive skills, self-efficacy, ease of learning subject matter, teamwork, and communication skills. The survey of preassessment and postassessment student learning outcomes was conducted to determine the effectiveness of the project-based approach in enhancing students' learning outcomes. The results showed that the use of the project-based approach significantly improved students' case of learning the subject matter. Project-based learning could be used as an effective teaching and learning strategy by educators to facilitate students' learning."""
0	"Fiore, R. N. and R. Cushman (2011). Responsible conduct of research, globalization and academic psychiatry."" Asia-Pacific Psychiatry 3(4): 187-191."""	626	"Fiore, R. N. and R. Cushman (2011). """"Responsible conduct of research, globalization and academic psychiatry."""" Asia-Pacific Psychiatry 3(4): 187-191."""""	" Among the challenges facing academic psychiatry in Asia, and in low and middle income countries, is training future psychiatrist-investigators in the responsible conduct of research. We describe efforts to achieve a global consensus on the elements of research integrity training, the 2010 Singapore Statement, as well as best practices we have identified in developing research ethics education networks in Latin America. The Singapore Statement is a first pass at consensus guidelines  some local articulation may be possible, even desirable. Research integrity must be part of the research training for all future investigators. Building research capacity includes research integrity capacity. Moreover, as research is collaborative, research integrity cannot be idiosyncratic."""
0	"Firn, J. (2015). 'Capping off' the development of graduate capabilities in the final semester unit for biological science students: review and recommendations."" Journal of University Teaching and Learning Practice 12(3)."""	627	"Firn, J. (2015). """"'Capping off' the development of graduate capabilities in the final semester unit for biological science students: review and recommendations."""" Journal of University Teaching and Learning Practice 12(3)."""""	" Biology is the most rapidly evolving scientific field of the 21st century. Biology graduates must be able to integrate concepts and collaborate outside their discipline to solve the most pressing questions of our time, e.g. world hunger, malnutrition, climate change, infectious disease and biosecurity. University educators are attempting to respond to this need to better prepare undergraduates to face these challenges by undergoing a dramatic shift in teaching practice from teaching-centered to student-centered and from discipline knowledge to graduate capabilities. With this shift came the development of capstone units-a student's culminating academic experience where authentic learning environments assist students to develop employer-prized capabilities, e.g. metacognition, networking, time management, collaborative skills. The Queensland University of Technology (QUT) launched a new student centered set of science majors in 2012 and in second semester 2015 will offer a capstone in biology for the first time. My main aims with this report are to understand the theoretical basis and logic behind the development of capstone units and to compare and contrast what other Australian institutions are providing. Based on my findings, I recommend six generic elements for capstone units in biological science: 1. Challenging inquiry-based learning tasks that are intentionally ill defined and complicated, and address cutting edge relevant problems. 2. Small group work activities and assessment that encourages positive constructivist learning. 3. Student centered learning where teachers take the role of coaching and mentoring with students also being provided opportunities to network with members of the professional community. 4. Students perform authentic tasks that involve articulating their findings to peers and experts including the experience of having to defend arguments and decisions. 5. Learning opportunities that include career development skills and training. 6. Explicit modeling of self-aware and meaningful learning to encourage deep learning strategies that foster an appreciation for the nature of science. Overall, I found that the characteristics of capstone units should not be focused on transmitting content, nor simply another controlled application of the scientific method  instead the activities and assessment students perform should be complex, relevant, and realistic to encourage students to move beyond being motivated by grades or fear of failure to wanting to understand concepts deeply and solve problems to make a difference within their future professions and communities."""
0	"Fisher, C. B., et al. (2009). Graduate socialization in the responsible conduct of research: A national survey on the research ethics training experiences of psychology doctoral students."" Ethics & Behavior 19(6): 496-518."""	628	"Fisher, C. B., et al. (2009). """"Graduate socialization in the responsible conduct of research: A national survey on the research ethics training experiences of psychology doctoral students."""" Ethics & Behavior 19(6): 496-518."""""	" Little is known about the mechanisms by which psychology graduate programs transmit responsible conduct of research (RCR) values. A national sample of 968 current students and recent graduates of mission-diverse doctoral psychology programs completed a Web-based survey on their research ethics challenges, perceptions of RCR mentoring and department climate, whether they were prepared to conduct research responsibly, and whether they believed psychology as a discipline promotes scientific integrity. Research experience, mentor RCR instruction and modeling, and department RCR policies predicted student RCR preparedness. Mentor RCR instruction, department RCR policies, and faculty modeling of RCR behaviors predicted confidence in the RCR integrity of the discipline. Implications for training are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Fisher, C. B., et al. (2009). Measures of mentoring, department climate, and graduate student preparedness in the responsible conduct of psychological research."" Ethics & Behavior 19(3): 227-252."""	629	"Fisher, C. B., et al. (2009). """"Measures of mentoring, department climate, and graduate student preparedness in the responsible conduct of psychological research."""" Ethics & Behavior 19(3): 227-252."""""	" Drawing upon two independent national samples of 201 and 241 psychology graduate students, this article describes the development and psychometric evaluation of 4 Web-based student self-report scales tapping student socialization in the responsible conduct of research (RCR) with human participants. The Mentoring the Responsible Conduct of Research Scale (MRCR) is composed of 2 subscales assessing RCR instruction and modeling by research mentors. The 2 subscales of the RCR Department Climate Scale (RCR-DC) assess RCR department policies and faculty and student RCR practices. The RCR Preparedness scale (RCR-P) and the RCR Field Integrity scale (RCR-FI) measure respectively students’ confidence in their ability to conduct research responsibly and their belief in the RCR integrity of psychology as a discipline. Factor analysis, coefficient alphas, correlations, and multiple regression analyses demonstrated each of the scales had good internal consistency and concurrent and construct validity. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Fitchett, P. G. and W. B. Russell (2012). Reflecting on MACOS: Why It Failed and What We Can Learn from Its Demise."" Paedagogica Historica: International Journal of the History of Education 48(3): 469-484."""	630	"Fitchett, P. G. and W. B. Russell (2012). """"Reflecting on MACOS: Why It Failed and What We Can Learn from Its Demise."""" Paedagogica Historica: International Journal of the History of Education 48(3): 469-484."""""	" The New Social Studies movement was an effort by social scientists to reform US social studies/history curriculum at all levels during the 1960s and early 1970s. In the end, more than 50 different projects attempting to revitalise social studies were developed. Many of the projects focused on inquiry-based teaching practices and curriculum. Considered to be the most controversial of the projects developed was Man: A Course of Study (MACOS) which sought to restructure social studies instruction by emphasising social science empiricism. The purpose of this historical analysis was to explore the curricular, ideological and financial obstacles that contributed to the eventual demise of the MACOS project. The author proposes that federally funded MACOS challenged the ""history-as-national-progress"""" paradigm of the early to mid-twentieth century. This precipitated an ideological """"conflict"""" that called into question the nature and purpose of social studies education. The study of MACOS's demise provides an insightful lesson on how the reception of curriculum innovation is subject to changing sociopolitical ideologies and the practicalities of instructional implementation. (Contains 83 footnotes.)"""""
0	"Fitzcharles, E. M. (2012). Rapid discrimination between four Antarctic fish species, genus Macrourus, using HRM analysis."" Fisheries Research 127: 166-170."""	631	"Fitzcharles, E. M. (2012). """"Rapid discrimination between four Antarctic fish species, genus Macrourus, using HRM analysis."""" Fisheries Research 127: 166-170."""""	" Correct identification of species forms the basis of all biological studies from individual genetic variation to population genetics, stock assessments and understanding whole ecosystems. This often relies on skilled taxonomists or molecular techniques to identify species, the time and cost of which can be prohibitive to many research opportunities. High resolution melt (HRM) analysis offers a potential quick and cost effective method of genetic screening and an alternative to DNA sequencing to confirm species identity. This technique was successfully tested for its ability to discriminate between four genetically similar species of Antarctic fish, genus Macrourus, where morphological identification can be problematic due to overlapping characteristics. The technique was shown to be fast, robust and reliable even with samples where DNA yield was of poor quality and quantity. There is great scope for the application of this technique in biological research, fisheries management and conservation genetics. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
0	"Fitzgerald, M., et al. (2016). A Large-Scale Inquiry-Based Astronomy Intervention Project: Impact on Students' Content Knowledge Performance and Views of their High School Science Classroom."" Research in Science Education 46(6): 901-916."""	632	"Fitzgerald, M., et al. (2016). """"A Large-Scale Inquiry-Based Astronomy Intervention Project: Impact on Students' Content Knowledge Performance and Views of their High School Science Classroom."""" Research in Science Education 46(6): 901-916."""""	" In this paper, we present the results from a study of the impact on students involved in a large-scale inquiry-based astronomical high school education intervention in Australia. Students in this intervention were led through an educational design allowing them to undertake an investigative approach to understanding the lifecycle of stars more aligned with the 'ideal' picture of school science. Through the use of two instruments, one focused on content knowledge gains and the other on student views of school science, we explore the impact of this design. Overall, students made moderate content knowledge gains although these gains were heavily dependent on the individual teacher, the number of times a teacher implemented and the depth to which an individual teacher went with the provided materials. In terms of students' views, there were significant global changes in their views of their experience of the science classroom. However, there were some areas where no change or slightly negative changes of which some were expected and some were not. From these results, we comment on the necessity of sustained long-period implementations rather than single interventions, the requirement for similarly sustained professional development and the importance of monitoring the impact of inquiry-based implementations. This is especially important as inquiry-based approaches to science are required by many new curriculum reforms, most notably in this context, the new Australian curriculum currently being rolled out."""
1	"FitzPatrick, K. A. and J. Campisi (2009). A Multiyear Approach to Student-Driven Investigations in Exercise Physiology."" Advances in Physiology Education 33(4): 349-355."""	633	"FitzPatrick, K. A. and J. Campisi (2009). """"A Multiyear Approach to Student-Driven Investigations in Exercise Physiology."""" Advances in Physiology Education 33(4): 349-355."""""	" Many undergraduate institutions offer individual research opportunities for upper-level students in independent study courses and summer undergraduate research programs. These are necessarily limited to a small number of students. Greater numbers of students can benefit from incorporating student-directed investigative experiences into laboratories in standard courses. In human performance investigations, any single course may not offer sufficient numbers of subjects to adequately test hypotheses comparing population groups or to examine longitudinal trends. In this exercise physiology course, exercise testing was conducted in three areas: 1) techniques of body composition analysis, 2) field tests for the estimation of maximal oxygen consumption, and 3) maximal anaerobic and aerobic power. All students enrolled over a 10-yr period participated as subjects and as testers. Working in small research groups, students added their results to those from previous years, generated a variety of hypotheses (correlations between tests, subgroup differences, etc.), and tested them statistically using the complete data set of 217 subjects. They then engaged in collaborative writing and peer review to prepare formal papers on their results. The multiyear approach allowed students to situate their work within and contribute to the accumulation of a large database and to practice essential scientific skills of hypothesis formation, data collection and analysis, collaborative work, and scientific communication. In addition, due to the larger number of subjects available to analyze, students observed statistically significant differences between test groups in the multiyear database that they were unable to demonstrate when conducting analysis on a single course. Finally, the large number of subjects and statistical power offered by the use of the database provides distinct pedagogical advantages."""
0	"Flaskerud, J. H. (2011). Discipline and effective parenting."" Issues in Mental Health Nursing 32(1): 82-84."""	634	"Flaskerud, J. H. (2011). """"Discipline and effective parenting."""" Issues in Mental Health Nursing 32(1): 82-84."""""	" The topic of effective parenting came to mind because of a research report in a just-released study in the journal Pediatrics. In this seven-year study of nearly 2500 parents, more than 50% reported that they engage in spanking regularly (28% one to two times a month, 26% more than two times a month). Children who were spanked when they were three years old were more likely to have screaming tantrums, get into fights, hurt animals, and refuse to share by the time they were five than children who were not spanked. The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) published a policy statement on effective discipline strategies that offers guidance to pediatricians so that they may advise parents. The Academy policy discusses two approaches: time-out or removal of privileges, and punishment. The Center for the Improvement of Child Caring (CICC) is a private, nonprofit research, training, and community service organization founded in the early 1970s by behavioral psychologist, Dr. Robert Aitchison and his colleagues, as a prevention and treatment program in the child mental health field. A unique aspect of the CICC is that it has adapted its Confident Parenting Program to address specific cultures, including that of parents of African American children (Effective Black Parenting Program [EBPP], n.d.). The CICC provides a range of activities designed to assist parents in child rearing. Both organizations, in their parenting skills, include praise for positive behaviors but also discipline strategies to reduce or eliminate undesirable behaviors, such as time out, social disapproval, and withdrawal of attention. Both advocate against verbal criticism and corporal punishment. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Fleming, K. A. (2011). Flexner at 100. A brief view from Oxford."" Perspectives in Biology and Medicine 54(1): 24-29."""	635	"Fleming, K. A. (2011). """"Flexner at 100. A brief view from Oxford."""" Perspectives in Biology and Medicine 54(1): 24-29."""""	" Of all the principles set out by Flexner in 1910, the most fundamental, that of academic and scientific excellence, is more relevant to medical education in the United Kingdom today than ever before. To realize this, undergraduate medical education (UGME) at Oxford has evolved to incorporate the tutorial method of teaching to promote independent and critical thought. Coupled with the usual didactic experiences, each medical student is also required to complete a 26-week research experience before going on to clinical study. Outcome measures reveal that Oxford graduates have consistently achieved highest marks in the U.K. equivalent of the United States Medical Licensing Examination. In contrast to UGME in the United Kingdom, postgraduate medical education (PGME) occurs largely outside the academy and often emphasizes the practical at the expense of the underlying Flexnarian principles of academic excellence. A reassertion of Flexner’s belief that universities and medical schools should be the center for all medical education would greatly benefit PGME in the United Kingdom and be a tribute to Flexner’s enduring legacy. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Flood, D., et al. (2015). Attracting, equipping and retaining young medical doctors in HIV vaccine science in South Africa."" Southern African Journal of Hiv Medicine 16(1): 61-66."""	636	"Flood, D., et al. (2015). """"Attracting, equipping and retaining young medical doctors in HIV vaccine science in South Africa."""" Southern African Journal of Hiv Medicine 16(1): 61-66."""""	" Background: HIV remains a significant health problem in South Africa (SA). The development of a preventive vaccine offers promise as a means of addressing the epidemic, yet development of the human resource capacity to facilitate such research in SA is not being sustained. The HIV Vaccine Trials Network (HVTN) has responded by establishing South African/HVTN AIDS Early Stage Investigator Programme (SHAPe), a programme to identify, train and retain clinician scientists in HIV vaccine research in SA. Objectives: The present study sought to identify factors influencing the attraction and retention of South African medical doctors in HIV vaccine research  to understand the support needed to ensure their success  and to inform further development of clinician research programmes, including SHAPe. Methods: Individual interviews and focus groups were held and audio-recorded with 18 senior and junior research investigators, and medical doctors not involved in research. Recordings were transcribed, and data were coded and analysed. Results: Findings highlighted the need for: (1) medical training programmes to include a greater focus on fostering interest and developing research skills, (2) a more clearly defined career pathway for individuals interested in clinical research, (3) an increase in programmes that coordinate and fund research, training and mentorship opportunities and (4) access to academic resources such as courses and libraries. Unstable funding sources and inadequate local funding support were identified as barriers to promoting HIV research careers. Conclusion: Expanding programmes that provide young investigators with funded research opportunities, mentoring, targeted training and professional development may help to build and sustain SA's next generation of HIV vaccine and prevention scientists."""
1	"Flores, I. M. (2012). Science Exploratoriums: Connecting Pre-Service Teachers, Practicing Teachers, Students, and University Science Educators."" Research in Higher Education Journal 18: 28."""	637	"Flores, I. M. (2012). """"Science Exploratoriums: Connecting Pre-Service Teachers, Practicing Teachers, Students, and University Science Educators."""" Research in Higher Education Journal 18: 28."""""	" Engaging students in inquiry-based learning is viewed by the science education community as the cornerstone of science education reform. Pre-service teachers often enter science methods courses in teacher education credential programs with significant trepidation of science, a lack of strong science content knowledge, a lack of confidence in science teaching, and negative attitudes about science. As a method to increase pre-service teachers' content knowledge and self-efficacy in science teaching and to promote inquiry and science learning supports for elementary students, interactive science exploratoriums were presented to fifth-grade students in elementary school settings in 2008, 2009, and 2011. Pre-service teachers' anecdotal reflections reveal that inquiry-based science teaching requires in-depth knowledge of content and pedagogy beyond what is required for a lesson, significant amounts of planning, and careful orchestration of differentiation to address culturally diverse student populations and learning styles. A perceived increase in teaching self-efficacy was also reported by pre-service teachers. Surveys given to fifth-grade Exploratorium participants indicate that hands-on and learning aspects of the Exploratorium were highly regarded as was enjoyment. Survey data related to fifth-graders' experiences in having conducted science experiments and collecting data prior to the Exploratorium were also analyzed. Open ended response surveys given to fifth-grade teachers indicate that teachers demonstrate some understanding of inquiry teaching and learning but fail to clearly address or describe the essential features of classroom inquiry. The results support research findings that practicing elementary teachers may not have a firm understanding of inquiry or knowledge of how to implement it."""
0	"Flynn, B. B., et al. (2016). ON THEORY IN SUPPLY CHAIN UNCERTAINTY AND ITS IMPLICATIONS FOR SUPPLY CHAIN INTEGRATION."" Journal of Supply Chain Management 52(3): 3-27."""	638	"Flynn, B. B., et al. (2016). """"ON THEORY IN SUPPLY CHAIN UNCERTAINTY AND ITS IMPLICATIONS FOR SUPPLY CHAIN INTEGRATION."""" Journal of Supply Chain Management 52(3): 3-27."""""	" This article develops a theoretical conceptualization of supply chain uncertainty, based on the foundation provided by contingency theory, classical organization theory, and information processing theory. We develop a theoretical analogy between a supply chain and an organization, then highlight key differences, which leads us to hypothesize that there are three key types of supply chain uncertainty. Micro-level uncertainty is based on the variability of inputs to the technical core of a supply chain, corresponding to the traditional operationalization of uncertainty in the supply chain and operations management literature. Meso-level uncertainty is the lack of information needed by a supply chain member, corresponding to the information processing theory perspective. This is often due to the conflicting pressures of differentiation and interdependence in a supply chain, where members may withhold information that they feel could compromise their interests. Macro-level uncertainty, based on the equivocality construct, is related to unclear and ambiguous situations faced by supply chain members in rapidly changing external environments. We propose that all three types of uncertainty coexist in a supply chain and may interact with each other. Based on contingency theory's focus on alignment of process and structure with the environment, we test the relationship among supply chain integration (process), centralization, formalization and flatness (organization structure) and the dimensions of uncertainty (environment). Hypotheses are tested using hierarchical regression on data collected from 339 globally distributed manufacturing plants. It reveals that, as hypothesized, micro-level and meso-level uncertainty are positively related to SCI and that macro-level uncertainty is inversely related to it. The organization structure variables of centralization and formalization had a moderating effect, strengthening or reducing the main effects of uncertainty. The results are discussed in terms of their consistency with the theoretical foundation, implications for decision makers facing supply chain uncertainty and future research opportunities."""
0	"Fogel, J. (2009). Research as part of the career of a psychiatrist entering clinical practice."" Psychiatric Bulletin 33(7): 269-272."""	639	"Fogel, J. (2009). """"Research as part of the career of a psychiatrist entering clinical practice."""" Psychiatric Bulletin 33(7): 269-272."""""	" This article reviews the literature on research as part of the career of a psychiatrist. Many of the reviewed articles emphasized an interest among psychiatry trainees for conducting psychiatric research. A number of reviewed articles discussed the aspects of research training experiences that lead to a career with a major research emphasis. A few articles described the percentage of time dedicated to research by academic psychiatrists. For those trainees completing their training and who plan to pursue a career as a clinician, there are still ways to incorporate research into clinical practice and continue to maintain some of the research skills that were learned as a psychiatry trainee. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Follette, W. C. and J. T. Bonow (2009). The Challenge of Understanding Process in Clinical Behavior Analysis: The Case of Functional Analytic Psychotherapy."" Behavior Analyst 32(1): 135-148."""	640	"Follette, W. C. and J. T. Bonow (2009). """"The Challenge of Understanding Process in Clinical Behavior Analysis: The Case of Functional Analytic Psychotherapy."""" Behavior Analyst 32(1): 135-148."""""	" Whether explicitly acknowledged or not, behavior-analytic principles are at the heart of most, if not all, empirically supported therapies. However, the change process in psychotherapy is only now being rigorously studied. Functional analytic psychotherapy (FAP  Kohlenberg & Tsai, 1991  Tsai et al., 2009) explicitly identifies behavioral-change principles used to bring about therapeutic improvements in adult outpatients whose clinical problems stem from ineffective interpersonal repertoires. These principles include contingent responding to behavioral excesses and deficits by a therapist who has established him- or herself as a salient source of social reinforcement. Empirical support for FAP is emerging, but a variety of pragmatic and theoretical questions warrant investigation. Among the issues described in this paper are the training and dissemination of procedures for how to conduct a functional analysis, how to train therapists to identify functional stimulus classes, how to best address decreasing problem behavior without creating an aversive environment, how to enhance generalization, and how to account for the principle of equifinality when trying to specify therapeutic procedures. These and other issues stem largely from trying to disseminate a behavioral principle-based intervention rather than a topographically specified intervention. These issues present challenges and research opportunities for applied clinical behavior analysts if they wish to extend their science to address clinical issues important to the treatment of adult outpatients with normal intellectual functioning."""
0	"Folta, T. B. (2014). A MODEL SCHOLAR AND PREEMINENT CONTRIBUTOR TO OUR UNDERSTANDING OF STRATEGIC ENTREPRENEURSHIP: ARNOLD C. COOPER (1933-2012)."" Strategic Entrepreneurship Journal 8(4): 349-360."""	641	"Folta, T. B. (2014). """"A MODEL SCHOLAR AND PREEMINENT CONTRIBUTOR TO OUR UNDERSTANDING OF STRATEGIC ENTREPRENEURSHIP: ARNOLD C. COOPER (1933-2012)."""" Strategic Entrepreneurship Journal 8(4): 349-360."""""	" This paper discusses the scholarly work of Arnold C. Cooper. He was an influential pioneer in the study of entrepreneurship, strategic management, and technology management, and his work provided an important foundation for subsequent development in those fields. Many of his contributions are a result of methodological approaches to gathering data, enabling him to draw insights from systematic empiricism of phenomena. Many of his most influential works are discussed and linked to subsequent work, including work emanating from this journal. Future research opportunities tied to his work are also elaborated. Copyright (c) 2014 Strategic Management Society."""
0	"Forbes, C. T. (2011). Preservice elementary teachers' adaptation of science curriculum materials for inquiry‐based elementary science."" Science Education 95(5): 927-955."""	642	"Forbes, C. T. (2011). """"Preservice elementary teachers' adaptation of science curriculum materials for inquiry‐based elementary science."""" Science Education 95(5): 927-955."""""	" Curriculum materials are important resources with which teachers make pedagogical decisions about the design of science learning environments. To become well-started beginning elementary teachers capable of engaging their students in inquiry-based science, preservice elementary teachers need to learn to use science curriculum materials effectively. Thus far, few other studies have investigated how preservice elementary teachers adapt science curriculum materials to better reflect five essential features of inquiry-based teaching and learning articulated in contemporary science education reform. Findings from previous research suggest that preservice elementary teachers can productively adapt science curriculum materials to make them more inquiry-based. The mixed-methods study presented here extends these findings by illustrating the essential features of inquiry preservice teachers emphasize in their curricular adaptations and the specific types of adaptations the preservice teachers make. Results suggest that the preservice teachers consistently attended to all five essential features of inquiry in their curricular adaptations. The types of adaptations that they made to promote each of these features of inquiry provide insight into their curriculum design practices and learning about science as inquiry that can serve as important leverage points for teacher education experiences and curriculum materials designed to support elementary teachers’ science teaching practice and learning. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Forbes, C. T. and M. Zint (2011). Elementary Teachers' Beliefs about, Perceived Competencies for, and Reported Use of Scientific Inquiry to Promote Student Learning about and for the Environment."" Journal of Environmental Education 42(1): 30-42."""	643	"Forbes, C. T. and M. Zint (2011). """"Elementary Teachers' Beliefs about, Perceived Competencies for, and Reported Use of Scientific Inquiry to Promote Student Learning about and for the Environment."""" Journal of Environmental Education 42(1): 30-42."""""	" This exploratory study investigated elementary teachers' beliefs about, perceived competencies for, and reported use of scientific inquiry to promote students' learning ""about"""" environmental issues and """"for"""" environmental decision making and action. Data were collected through a questionnaire administered to a simple random sample of elementary teachers in and around a Midwestern university community (n = 121, r = 52%). Respondents did not differentiate between inquiry practices that promote student learning """"about"""" and """"for"""" the environment. While respondents believed that they should engage in these practices, they were less confident in their ability to do so, and reported spending little time engaging in these practices. Results also suggest, however, that methods courses and professional development can support elementary teachers' use of inquiry-based teaching about and for the environment. (Contains 4 tables and 1 figure.)"""""
0	"Forman, E. M., et al. (2009). An open trial of an acceptance-based behavioral intervention for weight loss."" Cognitive and Behavioral Practice 16(2): 223-235."""	644	"Forman, E. M., et al. (2009). """"An open trial of an acceptance-based behavioral intervention for weight loss."""" Cognitive and Behavioral Practice 16(2): 223-235."""""	" Innovative approaches are urgently needed to improve behavioral treatment for weight loss. The weight regain that is so common after treatment may be a result of an environment that makes it challenging to adhere, long-term, to a dietary and physical activity regimen. This study was designed to test, via a 12-week open trial, the preliminary feasibility, acceptability, effectiveness, and possible mechanisms of action of a behavioral treatment that was modified to incorporate acceptance-based therapy components designed to (a) bolster participants’ commitment to behavior change, (b) build distress-tolerance skills, and (c) promote mindful awareness of eating behaviors and goals. Participants (n = 29) were overweight or obese women. Among completers (n = 19  34% attrition), weight loss averaged 6.6% of body weight at posttreatment and 9.6% at 6-month follow-up (n = 14  52% attrition). Intention-to-treat weight losses were 4.5% at posttreatment and 6.6% at 6-month follow-up. Psychological variables targeted by the intervention (e.g., cognitive restraint, disinhibition, urge-related eating behavior, emotional eating, eating-related experiential acceptance, mindfulness and motivation) changed in the expected directions, and many of these changes were consistent with decreases in weight loss. Moreover, despite the limitations of the single-group design, this pilot study demonstrated the preliminary feasibility, acceptability, and effectiveness of a novel, acceptance-based behavioral treatment for obesity. One potential implication is that behaviorally based weight loss interventions might be improved by overlaying an acceptance-based framework. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Forrest, K. A., et al. (2012). Coming to Know within ""Healthy Uncertainty"": An Autoethnography of Engagement and Transformation in Undergraduate Education."" Teaching in Higher Education 17(6): 710-721."""	645	"Forrest, K. A., et al. (2012). """"Coming to Know within """"Healthy Uncertainty"""": An Autoethnography of Engagement and Transformation in Undergraduate Education."""" Teaching in Higher Education 17(6): 710-721."""""	" This article is an autoenthnographic account of the yearlong journey of two undergraduates and their instructor when the traditional classroom structures associated with the banking concept of education were altered in an upper division class and follow-on research experiences. These changes focused on foregrounding students' experiences of the uncertainties inherent in the process of coming to know. Scaffolding this process within a context of ""healthy uncertainty"""" is described. Within this context, student engagement deepened allowing for generalization of knowledge and transformative personal experiences as the links between school and everyday life became more transparent."""""
0	"Forsythe, L. P., et al. (2014). A systematic review of approaches for engaging patients for research on rare diseases."" Journal of General Internal Medicine 29(Suppl 3): 788-800."""	646	"Forsythe, L. P., et al. (2014). """"A systematic review of approaches for engaging patients for research on rare diseases."""" Journal of General Internal Medicine 29(Suppl 3): 788-800."""""	" Background: Patients with rare diseases have limited access to useful information to guide treatment decisions. Engagement of patients and other stakeholders in clinical research may help to ensure that research efforts in rare diseases address relevant clinical questions and patient-centered health outcomes. Rare disease organizations may provide an effective means to facilitate patient engagement in research. However, the effectiveness of patient-engagement approaches, particularly for the study of rare diseases, has not been well studied. Objectives: To synthesize evidence about engagement of patients and other stakeholders in research on rare diseases, including the role of rare disease organizations in facilitating patient-centered research. Methods/Research/Design: A systematic review and gray literature search were guided by a technical expert panel composed of patient representatives, clinicians, and researchers. English-language studies that engaged patients or other stakeholders in research on rare diseases or evaluated engagement were included. Studies were assessed on how well key research questions were answered, based on the level of detail describing engagement activities and whether outcomes from engagement were assessed. Results: Thirty-five studies were included, although many reported minimal information on engagement. Patients and other stakeholders were most commonly engaged to identify patient-centered research agendas, to select which study outcomes were important to patients, to provide input on study design, and to identify strategies for increasing enrollment in trials. Rare disease organizations mainly helped provide access to patients and communicated research opportunities and findings. They also helped promote collaborative networks and provided financial support for research infrastructures. Although authors reported benefits of engagement and identified changes to their research processes, no empirical assessments of engagement practices and their effectiveness were found. Conclusions: Researchers studying rare diseases can obtain patient input regarding which research questions and health outcomes to study  however, the most effective approaches to engagement have not been well defined. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Foster, M. K., et al. (2008). 'All in the hall' or 'sage on the stage': Learning in leadership development programmes."" Leadership & Organization Development Journal 29(6): 504-521."""	647	"Foster, M. K., et al. (2008). """"'All in the hall' or 'sage on the stage': Learning in leadership development programmes."""" Leadership & Organization Development Journal 29(6): 504-521."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to investigate the intersection of learning theory and leadership development by developing a conceptual framework and applying it to an exemplar case. Design/methodology/approach: First, the conceptual framework was developed through extant literature in learning theory. Then, using a qualitative design, the researchers conducted telephone interviews with participants and past graduates of a leadership programme that had already been evaluated as successful from a behavioural and job performance perspective. Findings: Current participants and past graduates of the leadership development programme were more likely to describe their learning experiences in terms of 'all in the hall' comments versus 'sage on the stage' comments. The researchers also found that human resource professionals were not taking 'all in the hall' factors into consideration when making decisions on awarding contracts for leadership development programmes. Research limitations/implications: Given that the paper examined only one case, further research in this area is needed to substantiate the findings. Interesting research opportunities exist at the intersections of two disparate bodies of scholarly knowledge. Practical implications: The researchers suggest that more attention should be paid to learning principles in both the design of leadership development programmes and the decision criteria employed by those who are responsible for awarding contracts. Originality/value: To the researchers’ knowledge, this paper constitutes the first investigation of leadership development through a cognitive psychology lens. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Foti, S. and G. Ring (2008). Using a Simulation-Based Learning Environment to Enhance Learning and Instruction in a Middle School Science Classroom."" Journal of Computers in Mathematics and Science Teaching 27(1): 103-120."""	648	"Foti, S. and G. Ring (2008). """"Using a Simulation-Based Learning Environment to Enhance Learning and Instruction in a Middle School Science Classroom."""" Journal of Computers in Mathematics and Science Teaching 27(1): 103-120."""""	" The goal of this project was to help science teachers shift to a more inquiry-based teaching style by supplying learning tools that support a more student-centered approach. The project employed PSI (Personal Study Instrument) Sim Modules, a simulation-based electronic learning environment designed to address misconceptions in middle school science. Our findings indicate that using such tools will encourage teachers to engage in critical reflection about pedagogical content knowledge which can have a transformative effect on their teaching. (Contains 5 figures and 1 table.)"""
0	"Fourie, I. (2012). Content analysis as a means of exploring research opportunities from a conference programme."" Health Information and Libraries Journal 29(3): 197-213."""	649	"Fourie, I. (2012). """"Content analysis as a means of exploring research opportunities from a conference programme."""" Health Information and Libraries Journal 29(3): 197-213."""""	" Background: Health librarians should keep up-to-date in a dynamic environment and accept the importance of continuing personal development (CPD) and growth in their critical reflection and creative thinking skills. They also need to acknowledge the potential value of research activity and the challenges of ongoing improvement and development. Conference programmes may prove a useful source of stimulation, especially if supplemented by creativity techniques, action research and the ideal of finding flow. Objectives: The article analyses the themes and papers presented at the 10th International Conference on International Medical Librarianship (ICML) to identify opportunities for further research, literature reviews, assessment of practices and services, etc. Methods: Content analysis approach to conference papers and suggestions for further action including supplementing with techniques of creativity and group input. Results: A fairly extensive list of further actions (although not intended to be exhaustive) is suggested for the sixteen conference themes. Although subjective, the list might help to stimulate growth in research on health librarianship and demonstrate how one source of stimulation conference programmes (regularly presented to medical library communities) can be used. Conclusions: Content analysis has proven a constructive means of generating research questions from a conference programme. Content analysis and other methods aimed at stimulating creative and progressive thinking, including brainstorming, force field analysis, De Bonos 6 hats, creative swiping and creative visualisation, may prove equally useful and require further investigation. To ensure an ongoing cycle, these can be linked to action research."""
0	"Fox, M. J. (2014). Enabling Gender-Inclusivity in LIS Education through Epistemology, Ethics, and Essential Questions."" Journal of Education for Library and Information Science 55(3): 241-250."""	650	"Fox, M. J. (2014). """"Enabling Gender-Inclusivity in LIS Education through Epistemology, Ethics, and Essential Questions."""" Journal of Education for Library and Information Science 55(3): 241-250."""""	" Epistemology, or the study of knowledge and knowing, is foundational for Library and Information Science (LIS) programs, as the recognition of different conceptions of how people ""know"""" can help LIS professions handle diversity, especially gender diversity. The incorporation of epistemology can provide LIS students with more sophisticated sense of how knowledge and information are generated, but can be intimidating to students and instructors alike. Epistemology can be more smoothly incorporated into the LIS classroom using essential questions--overarching, debatable questions that provide context and consequences in learning specific concepts. Brown (2012) recommends essential questions, along with focused conversations, as components of inquiry-based learning in LIS. This article builds on Brown's approach by focusing specifically on how essential questions can be effectively used to teach relevant epistemological concepts that inform gender-related ethical dilemmas students will encounter in professional practice."""""
0	Franc, C. and A. Morton (2014). INQUIRY-BASED LEARNING FOR LANGUAGE LEARNING: THE CASE OF FRENCH ADVANCED LEVEL AT THE UNIVERSITY OF MANCHESTER (UK). Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 2: 77-103.	651	Franc, C. and A. Morton (2014). INQUIRY-BASED LEARNING FOR LANGUAGE LEARNING: THE CASE OF FRENCH ADVANCED LEVEL AT THE UNIVERSITY OF MANCHESTER (UK). Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 2: 77-103.	" We have been applying inquiry-based learning (IBL) methodologies to language teaching in the department of French studies at the University of Manchester (UK) since 2006. We were aware that IBL was successfully employed within scientific subjects such as medicine and dentistry, but little research had been carried out within higher education in the adoption of such methodologies in advanced level language learning. Our projects in grammar, phonetics, interpreting and in producing resources for students on their period of residence abroad have not been without their challenges and we have experienced some reticence from students and educators alike. This chapter will set out a rationale for the adoption of IBL methodologies in language provision, detail the projects undertaken and analyse their results in terms of both measurable product' and perceived process'-based outcomes. Finally, we will examine the dovetailing of competencies enhanced by IBL with those promoted more generally through language learning, a combination which we believe rends our students highly employable in the global jobs market."""
0	"Francis, H. (2010). Words and deeds: A psychological perspective on the active nature of learning and understanding in higher education."" Psychology: The Journal of the Hellenic Psychological Society 17(3): 231-242."""	652	"Francis, H. (2010). """"Words and deeds: A psychological perspective on the active nature of learning and understanding in higher education."""" Psychology: The Journal of the Hellenic Psychological Society 17(3): 231-242."""""	" This paper addresses the question of how it comes about that a student who has given plenty of indication that he can understand work in higher education nevertheless can feel that he has failed to understand a sizable chunk of work that others have managed successfully. It follows a line of thought developed during the author’s own teaching and research experience with young children and with tutors of students in further and higher education, concerning variation in understanding what is to be learned. It combines a prior interest in Pask’s conversation theory of learning with appreciation of the socio-cultural shaping of learning practices as expressed in such work as that of Säljö. Pask’s work is explored in terms of its helpfulness in examining the nature of success and difficulty in learning under tutorial instruction, in particular in pointing to the importance of defining those aspects of what might be called the architecture of a learning conversation that are essential for the growth of understanding. It calls on consideration of understanding as a process towards, and achievement of, agreement between learner and tutor about the procedures of expressing and explaining the conceptualisation of a topic in a knowledge domain. This leads to the need for recognition of the way practices in the acquisition and transmission of knowledge vary across different subject fields. Säljö’s work is particularly illuminating with its emphasis on the ways cultural practices as language impregnate activities, and shape the substance and nature of learning. The route to answering the original question is seen as suggesting a set of possibilities that provide challenge and guidance for the conduct and understanding of learning and teaching in higher education. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		653	"Frankham, J., et al. (2014). """"De-Skilling Data Analysis: The Virtues of Dancing in the Dark."""" International Journal of Research & Method in Education 37(1): 87-100."""""	" We present here a reflexive and critical commentary and exemplification of the teaching and learning of research methodology. The paper focuses on the teaching/learning of qualitative data analysis. It is our belief that it is essential to ""do"""" data analysis when learning about the process and that there are serious limitations to methodological """"manuals"""" which set out to model the process. In doctoral workshops, Frankham and Stronach have used a passage by Jules Henry to provoke students into generating data which is then analysed as a group. This paper, written with a group of doctoral students, describes the reflexive and iterative processes of data analysis which took place in one such group. We hope that describing our discussions will be of practical use to others in our attempt to iterate a """"process."""" Our other purposes include a desire to underline the inappropriacy of the notion of """"skills"""" in the context of research """"training"""" or of following formulaic procedures in interpretive inquiry. Instead the process we set out to illustrate here is embodied and serendipitous and centres on individuals' capacity to """"think."""""""""
0	"Frantz, J. M., et al. (2015). The impact of a faculty development programme for health professions educators in sub-Saharan Africa: an archival study."" Bmc Medical Education 15."""	654	"Frantz, J. M., et al. (2015). """"The impact of a faculty development programme for health professions educators in sub-Saharan Africa: an archival study."""" Bmc Medical Education 15."""""	" Background: In 2008 the sub-Saharan FAIMER Regional Institute launched a faculty development programme aimed at enhancing the academic and research capacity of health professions educators working in sub-Saharan Africa. This two-year programme, a combination of residential and distance learning activities, focuses on developing the leadership, project management and programme evaluation skills of participants as well as teaching the key principles of health professions education-curriculum design, teaching and learning and assessment. Participants also gain first-hand research experience by designing and conducting an education innovation project in their home institutions. This study was conducted to determine the perceptions of participants regarding the personal and professional impact of the SAFRI programme. Methods: A retrospective document review, which included data about fellows who completed the programme between 2008 and 2011, was performed. Data included fellows' descriptions of their expectations, reflections on achievements and information shared on an online discussion forum. Data were analysed using Kirkpatrick's evaluation framework. Results: Participants (n = 61) came from 10 African countries and included a wide range of health professions educators. Five key themes about the impact of the SAFRI programme were identified: (1) belonging to a community of practice, (2) personal development, (3) professional development, (4) capacity development, and (5) tools/strategies for project management and/or advancement. Conclusion: The SAFRI programme has a positive developmental impact on both participants and their respective institutions."""
1	"Franzen, C. and G. Brown (2013). Undergraduate degree projects in the Swedish dental schools: a documentary analysis."" European Journal of Dental Education 17(2): 122-126."""	655	"Franzen, C. and G. Brown (2013). """"Undergraduate degree projects in the Swedish dental schools: a documentary analysis."""" European Journal of Dental Education 17(2): 122-126."""""	" Background Undergraduate degree projects have currently been introduced into courses in the four Swedish dental schools. The rationale for research projects is that they enable students to develop research expertise skills and to show their ability to apply and develop knowledge relevant to professional practice. This paper reports a qualitative analysis of the curriculum documents and handbooks including the criteria used to assess the students' research reports. The aim was to investigate commonalities and differences in the design of degree projects between the four Swedish dental schools and to explore any inconsistencies within the documents. Methods The documentary analysis was based on the constant comparison method. Results Four overarching themes emerged from the analysis: (i) developing scientific expertise, (ii) developing professional expertise, (iii) following rules and (iv) fostering creativity. Conclusions The documents from the four dental schools revealed similar views on the purposes of the projects and provided similar assessment criteria. The students were requested to formulate an odontological problem, apply a relevant scientific method, analyse texts and empirical data, express critical reflections and write a short thesis. The students were free to choose topics. There were differences between the dental schools on the emphasis placed on practical uses of the projects and theoretical background of the projects. Two of the schools insisted on rigid rules of completing and writing the project yet paradoxically emphasised creativity. There were wide variations in the required length of the project report. The report may prove useful to dental schools in other countries who are about to design undergraduate research projects."""
0	"Frazier, M. L. and W. M. Bowler (2015). Voice climate, supervisor undermining, and work outcomes: A group-level examination."" Journal of Management 41(3): 841-863."""	656	"Frazier, M. L. and W. M. Bowler (2015). """"Voice climate, supervisor undermining, and work outcomes: A group-level examination."""" Journal of Management 41(3): 841-863."""""	" This study draws from social information processing theory and the climate literature to examine an antecedent to and the consequences of voice climate, defined as shared group member perceptions of the extent to which they are encouraged to engage in voice behaviors. The authors test their hypotheses using data collected from a sample of 374 full-time employees nested in 54 work groups. Their results indicate that group perceptions of supervisor undermining have a negative effect on group perceptions of voice climate. In addition, voice climate predicts group voice behavior and also has a significant influence on group performance beyond the influence through group voice behavior. These findings provide additional evidence for the predictive validity of the voice climate construct and provide future research opportunities for researchers. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Frey, A. F. and C. Cross (2011). Overcoming poor youth stigmatization and invisibility through art: A participatory action research experience in Greater Buenos Aires."" Action Research 9(1): 65-82."""	657	"Frey, A. F. and C. Cross (2011). """"Overcoming poor youth stigmatization and invisibility through art: A participatory action research experience in Greater Buenos Aires."""" Action Research 9(1): 65-82."""""	" Participatory Action Research (PAR) involves collaborative construction of knowledge among researchers and local actors. Collaboration is particularly challenging for researchers when working with subaltern populations, as we experienced in a PAR project shared with young people living in extreme poverty in the Greater Buenos Aires area. The objective was to promote educational rights, based on a participatory diagnosis of factors associated with school abandonment. The main challenge was young people’s reluctance to address their school experience, due to stigmatization processes associated with school failure. Video production and dramatization helped us to overcome this blockage and to make youth perspectives visible to other social actors in the educational field. The article discusses how this happened during the PAR process. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Freymond, N., et al. (2014). Mapping MSW Research Training."" Journal of Teaching in Social Work 34(3): 248-268."""	658	"Freymond, N., et al. (2014). """"Mapping MSW Research Training."""" Journal of Teaching in Social Work 34(3): 248-268."""""	" The surge of interest in evidence-based interventions necessitates MSW graduates who will pursue research activities in the workplace. However, evidence suggests that social workers tend not to use their research skills after graduation. This study examined three constructs that inform students' relationships to research: (a) confidence in research skills, (b) academic activities that stimulate students' interest in research, and (c) anticipated outcomes from future involvement in research activities. The findings suggest that MSW programs need to extend research training beyond the classroom by providing holistic research learning environments that clarify the role and purpose of research for the social work profession and provide opportunities for students to transform didactic research training into practical research skills."""
1	"Friedel, C., et al. (2008). Overtly Teaching Critical Thinking and Inquiry-Based Learning: A Comparison of Two Undergraduate Biotechnology Classes."" Journal of Agricultural Education 49(1): 72-84."""	659	"Friedel, C., et al. (2008). """"Overtly Teaching Critical Thinking and Inquiry-Based Learning: A Comparison of Two Undergraduate Biotechnology Classes."""" Journal of Agricultural Education 49(1): 72-84."""""	" Some researchers have argued that science classrooms must move away from rote and passive applications of memorized concepts to the use of critical thinking skills as a primary component in facilitating learning. Yet few studies have examined the effect of overtly teaching for critical thinking on subsequent skill development. The purpose of this study was to assess if overtly teaching for critical thinking, as a teaching method, contributed to explaining increases in critical thinking skill scores of undergraduate students enrolled in agricultural biotechnology. One group of students were taught components of critical thinking and then asked to use the newly learned skills in class. A nonequivalent control group was instructed using the inquiry-based teaching method. The data exhibited significance between groups giving evidence that overtly teaching for critical thinking improves students' critical thinking skills as opposed to using the inquiry-based teaching method. Adding gender to the model did not significantly increase the explanation of variance in critical thinking skills. Also, a weak positive correlation was found between the total critical thinking skill score and the total critical thinking disposition score. (Contains 6 tables.)"""
1	"Friedrich, J. M. (2014). A Classroom-Based Distributed Workflow Initiative for the Early Involvement of Undergraduate Students in Scientific Research."" Journal of Science Education and Technology 23(1): 59-66."""	660	"Friedrich, J. M. (2014). """"A Classroom-Based Distributed Workflow Initiative for the Early Involvement of Undergraduate Students in Scientific Research."""" Journal of Science Education and Technology 23(1): 59-66."""""	" Engaging freshman and sophomore students in meaningful scientific research is challenging because of their developing skill set and their necessary time commitments to regular classwork. A project called the Chondrule Analysis Project was initiated to engage first- and second-year students in an initial research experience and also accomplish several scientific objectives. Students take part in a classroom-based, distributed workflow project that aims to produce high-quality data on the physical dimensions of chondrules, mm-sized spherules contained in primitive meteorites called chondrites. Such data are needed to test astrophysical models for processes acting in the early solar system. Student investigators process X-ray microtomography data with resources contained on portable USB flash drives distributed to them. Students are exposed to data collection, data quality evaluation, interpretation, and presentation of their results. Herein, an introduction to the scientific objectives is given along with an evolutionary history of the project. A description of the current implementation of the course is presented, and future directions are discussed. Anonymous student evaluations of the course are used to demonstrate the educational and engaging nature of the project. Finally, we reflect on the possible benefits of such a project for first- and second-year students within STEM disciplines."""
0	"Fritch, A. M., et al. (2010). The impact of childhood abuse and combat-related trauma on postdeployment adjustment."" Journal of Traumatic Stress 23(2): 248-254."""	661	"Fritch, A. M., et al. (2010). """"The impact of childhood abuse and combat-related trauma on postdeployment adjustment."""" Journal of Traumatic Stress 23(2): 248-254."""""	" This retrospective study examined the effects of childhood physical abuse (CPA) and combat-related trauma on postdeployment psychiatric symptoms in an outpatient clinical sample of 1,045 U.S. service members. The authors conducted hierarchical multiple regression analyses to examine the impact of CPA and combat-related trauma on alcohol use, anxiety, depression, and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) symptoms. Analyses revealed significant main effects for CPA and combat-related trauma on anxiety, depression, and PTSD. In contrast, no interactive effects were observed. Findings support and expand current knowledge about the roles that CPA and combat trauma play in the development of psychiatric symptoms and suggest a more complex etiology for postdeployment symptomatology. Clinical implications and future research opportunities are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	Frump, A. L. and T. Lahm (2016). Sex Hormone Signaling in the Lung in Health and Disease: Airways, Parenchyma, and Pulmonary Vasculature.	662	Frump, A. L. and T. Lahm (2016). Sex Hormone Signaling in the Lung in Health and Disease: Airways, Parenchyma, and Pulmonary Vasculature.	" Gender and sex differences have been implicated in many major lung diseases, such as asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, cystic fibrosis, pulmonary arterial hypertension, and lung cancer. Sex differences and sex hormone-mediated effects emerge in the lung as early as during prenatal development and persist well into adulthood. In addition, significant sex hormone-mediated differences may occur even within the same individual, resulting from fluctuations in sex hormone levels as a function of age and/or menstrual cycle. While the exact role of sex hormones in many lung diseases has not been fully characterized, it is now evident that all major cell types in the lung appear to be targets of sex hormones. Many of these effects, however, are heterogenous and often not fully understood. This chapter will review the effects of the most relevant sex hormones on lung parenchyma, airways, and vasculature in health, thus providing a segue for the individual disease states reviewed in later chapters of this textbook. The biogenesis, signaling mechanisms, and regulation of the three main classes of sex hormones (estrogens, progestogens, and androgens) will be reviewed, followed by an examination of the role of sex hormones in healthy lung development and homeostasis. Finally, the current understanding of the role of steroid signaling in the healthy lung will be reviewed via a compartment-based approach, highlighting current knowledge gaps and identifying research opportunities. Where appropriate, the impact of sex hormones on pulmonary disease and their clinical implications will be discussed."""
0	"Fu, Y., et al. (2015). Transparency report disclosure by Australian audit firms and opportunities for research."" Managerial Auditing Journal 30(8-9): 870-910."""	663	"Fu, Y., et al. (2015). """"Transparency report disclosure by Australian audit firms and opportunities for research."""" Managerial Auditing Journal 30(8-9): 870-910."""""	" Purpose - The purpose of this study is to compare the information disclosed by leading Australian audit firms in their first-time audit firm transparency reports. Australia has mandated the preparation and release of transparency reports by audit firms in 2013 to provide better information to stakeholders about audit firms, their governance and their internal governance systems. These reports promote increased transparency regarding issues which are believed to contribute to audit quality. Design/methodology/approach - The paper takes the form of an archival analysis where the authors summarise the governance and other information for the 21 leading Australian audit firms as disclosed in their first-time 2013 transparency reports. Findings - The authors find that audit firms meet the minimum transparency report disclosure requirements, but have different approaches to governance in the areas which may impact audit quality. These areas include: the internal quality control systems, independence practices, continuing education and partners' remuneration structures. The authors identify specific areas where transparency reports may give rise to future research opportunities. Originality/value - Australia is one of the first countries to require audit firms to publish transparency reports, and this is the first study to examine these reports. By summarising transparency report disclosures, we present a comprehensive picture of how Australian leading audit firms govern and oversee their business activities. This is useful to transparency report preparers, report users and regulators."""
0	"Fuchs, J., et al. (2016). Growing the pipeline of diverse HIV investigators: The impact of mentored research experiences to engage underrepresented minority students."" AIDS and Behavior 20(Suppl 2): 249-257."""	664	"Fuchs, J., et al. (2016). """"Growing the pipeline of diverse HIV investigators: The impact of mentored research experiences to engage underrepresented minority students."""" AIDS and Behavior 20(Suppl 2): 249-257."""""	" Structured, mentored research programs for high school and undergraduate students from underrepresented minority (URM) backgrounds are needed to increase the diversity of our nation’s biomedical research workforce. In particular, a robust pipeline of investigators from the communities disproportionately affected by the HIV epidemic is needed not only for fairness and equity but for insights and innovations to address persistent racial and ethnic disparities in new infections. We created the Summer HIV/AIDS Research Program (SHARP) at the San Francisco Department of Public Health for URM undergraduates as a 12-week program of hands-on research experience, one-on-one mentoring by a senior HIV investigator, didactic seminars for content and research methods, and networking opportunities. The first four cohorts (2012–2015) of SHARP gained research skills, built confidence in their abilities and self-identified as scientists. In addition, the majority of program alumni is employed in research positions and has been admitted to or is pursuing graduate degree programs in fields related to HIV prevention. While we await empirical studies of specific mentoring strategies at early educational stages, programs that engage faculty who are sensitive to the unique challenges facing diverse students and who draw lessons from established mentoring frameworks can help build an inclusive generation of HIV researchers. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Full, R. J., et al. (2015). Interdisciplinary Laboratory Course Facilitating Knowledge Integration, Mutualistic Teaming, and Original Discovery."" Integrative and Comparative Biology 55(5): 912-925."""	665	"Full, R. J., et al. (2015). """"Interdisciplinary Laboratory Course Facilitating Knowledge Integration, Mutualistic Teaming, and Original Discovery."""" Integrative and Comparative Biology 55(5): 912-925."""""	" Experiencing the thrill of an original scientific discovery can be transformative to students unsure about becoming a scientist, yet few courses offer authentic research experiences. Increasingly, cutting-edge discoveries require an interdisciplinary approach not offered in current departmental-based courses. Here, we describe a one-semester, learning laboratory course on organismal biomechanics offered at our large research university that enables interdisciplinary teams of students from biology and engineering to grow intellectually, collaborate effectively, and make original discoveries. To attain this goal, we avoid traditional ""cookbook"""" laboratories by training 20 students to use a dozen research stations. Teams of five students rotate to a new station each week where a professor, graduate student, and/or team member assists in the use of equipment, guides students through stages of critical thinking, encourages interdisciplinary collaboration, and moves them toward authentic discovery. Weekly discussion sections that involve the entire class offer exchange of discipline-specific knowledge, advice on experimental design, methods of collecting and analyzing data, a statistics primer, and best practices for writing and presenting scientific papers. The building of skills in concert with weekly guided inquiry facilitates original discovery via a final research project that can be presented at a national meeting or published in a scientific journal."""""
1	"Fuller, A. A. (2016). Combinatorial Solid-Phase Synthesis of Aromatic Oligoamides: A Research-Based Laboratory Module for Undergraduate Organic Chemistry."" Journal of Chemical Education 93(5): 953-957."""	666	"Fuller, A. A. (2016). """"Combinatorial Solid-Phase Synthesis of Aromatic Oligoamides: A Research-Based Laboratory Module for Undergraduate Organic Chemistry."""" Journal of Chemical Education 93(5): 953-957."""""	" A five-week, research-based experiment suitable for second-semester introductory organic laboratory students is described. Each student designs, prepares, and analyzes a combinatorial array of six aromatic oligoamides. Molecules are prepared on solid phase via a six-step synthetic sequence, and purities and identities are determined by analysis of LC-MS data. This experiment engages students in a research experience: none of the structurally diverse compounds prepared have been previously reported in the literature. After completion of this experiment, products are evaluated for their biological activity in the author's research laboratory. Although execution of biological experiments falls outside the learning objectives in this course, these applications motivate students. Through these hands-on experiences, students learn about organic chemistry reactions and modern techniques, and their research skills are enhanced."""
1	"Fuller, K., et al. (2016). An active, collaborative approach to learning skills in flow cytometry."" Advances in Physiology Education 40(2): 176-185."""	667	"Fuller, K., et al. (2016). """"An active, collaborative approach to learning skills in flow cytometry."""" Advances in Physiology Education 40(2): 176-185."""""	" Advances in science education research have the potential to improve the way students learn to perform scientific interpretations and understand science concepts. We developed active, collaborative activities to teach skills in manipulating flow cytometry data using FlowJo software. Undergraduate students were given compensated clinical flow cytometry listmode output (FCS) files and asked to design a gating strategy to diagnose patients with different hematological malignancies on the basis of their immunophenotype. A separate cohort of research trainees was given uncompensated data files on which they performed their own compensation, calculated the antibody staining index, designed a sequential gating strategy, and quantified rare immune cell subsets. Student engagement, confidence, and perceptions of flow cytometry were assessed using a survey. Competency against the learning outcomes was assessed by asking students to undertake tasks that required understanding of flow cytometry dot plot data and gating sequences. The active, collaborative approach allowed students to achieve learning outcomes not previously possible with traditional teaching formats, for example, having students design their own gating strategy, without forgoing essential outcomes such as the interpretation of dot plots. In undergraduate students, favorable perceptions of flow cytometry as a field and as a potential career choice were correlated with student confidence but not the ability to perform flow cytometry data analysis. We demonstrate that this new pedagogical approach to teaching flow cytometry is beneficial for student understanding and interpretation of complex concepts. It should be considered as a useful new method for incorporating complex data analysis tasks such as flow cytometry into curricula."""
0	"Furlong, E. E., et al. (2015). From crisis to crowd control. Commentary: A crisis in comparative psychology: Where have all the undergraduates gone?"" Frontiers in Psychology 6."""	668	"Furlong, E. E., et al. (2015). """"From crisis to crowd control. Commentary: A crisis in comparative psychology: Where have all the undergraduates gone?"""" Frontiers in Psychology 6."""""	" Comments on an article A Crisis in Comparative Psychology: Where have all the Undergraduates Gone? by C. I. Abramson (2015). Comparative psychology at Illinois Wesleyan University (IWU) is only 2 years old, but its successes address Abramson’s (2015) question, illustrating how undergraduate students can enthusiastically engage in comparative psychology. Undergraduates are the next generation of comparative psychologists, and failure to engage them could result in failure of the field. Thus, the comments generalize well to comparative psychology. This article discuss three successful salients, some features of which overlap with Abramson’s suggestions for improving student engagement: (1) the comparative psychology course, Experimental Research in Cognitive Psychology, (2) the Comparative Cognition Lab, and (3) a curricular innovation spanning two campuses. The commentators believe ardently that comparative cognition research captures student imaginations best when embedded in the context of comparative psychology. Teaching and research framed in this way, along with thoughtful use of resources, community outreach, and foregrounding interdisciplinary payoffs respond to Abramson’s challenge. The commentators claim that we already use many of Abramson’s suggestions, including emphasizing connections to human psychology, developing broad skills, and providing innovative teaching and research opportunities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Gómez, L. F. R. (2012). Fostering Intercultural Communicative Competence through Reading Authentic Literary Texts in an Advanced Colombian EFL Classroom: A Constructivist Perspective (Desarrollo de la competencia comunicativa intercultural mediante la lectura de textos literarios auténticos: una perspectiva constructivista)."" PROFILE: Issues in Teachers' Professional Development 14(1): 49-66."""	721	"Gómez, L. F. R. (2012). """"Fostering Intercultural Communicative Competence through Reading Authentic Literary Texts in an Advanced Colombian EFL Classroom: A Constructivist Perspective (Desarrollo de la competencia comunicativa intercultural mediante la lectura de textos literarios auténticos: una perspectiva constructivista)."""" PROFILE: Issues in Teachers' Professional Development 14(1): 49-66."""""	" This article describes an action research experience carried out in an advanced English as a foreign language classroom of the language program at a university in Bogotá, Colombia, in 2010. The study proposes the inclusion of authentic literary texts in the English as a foreign language classroom through the implementation of four constructivist approaches as a means to develop intercultural communicative competence. Data were collected to show how those approaches engaged learners to read authentic literary short stories, to negotiate meaning, and to develop intercultural competence. It demonstrates that integrating language and literature in English as a foreign language not only constitutes a communicative reading practice, but the opportunity to construct cultural knowledge through social interaction."""
0	"Galano, S., et al. (2015). Secondary students' views about scientific inquiry."" Nuovo Cimento C-Colloquia and Communications in Physics 38(3)."""	669	"Galano, S., et al. (2015). """"Secondary students' views about scientific inquiry."""" Nuovo Cimento C-Colloquia and Communications in Physics 38(3)."""""	" In this study we investigated the views about Scientific Inquiry (SI) of about 300 students at the beginning of the secondary school course (14-15 years old). An adapted version of the Views On Scientific Inquiry (VOSI) questionnaire was used as research instrument. The questionnaire, focused on six specific aspects of SI, was submitted before and after a six-hours in-classroom delivery of a teaching-learning sequence (TLS) that targeted explicitly the six SI aspects. We first analyzed responses using a five-level categorization: a) informed view  b) mixed or partially correct view  c) naive view  d) unclear  e) not given. Two independent researchers iteratively analyzed the data with a final inter-rater reliability of about 90%. Then, we collapsed the initial categories into three macro-categories: C1) informed/partial view  C2) naive view  C3) unclear or not given  and calculated the shift in the macro-categorization between pre- and post-test. Finally, we investigated a possible relationship between how the TLSs were enacted and the students' achievements. Data show that the percentage of students' informed responses only slightly increased between pre-and post-test in the majority of the targeted aspects. Moreover, students' achievements seem to depend on how the teachers enacted the TLSs. Our results suggest that short inquiry-based teaching interventions are not sufficient to effectively teach SI aspects. Moreover, our results suggest to develop specific training courses aimed at improving teachers' own beliefs and practices about SI."""
0	"Galassi, A. L., et al. (2014). Clinical Research Education: Perspectives of Nurses, Employers, and Educators."" Journal of Nursing Education 53(8): 466-472."""	670	"Galassi, A. L., et al. (2014). """"Clinical Research Education: Perspectives of Nurses, Employers, and Educators."""" Journal of Nursing Education 53(8): 466-472."""""	" The aim of this study was to understand the current environment around clinical research relating to nursing education and practice. This descriptive study analyzed data from 33 in-depth interviews with faculty members, nurse executives, staff development directors, and practicing nurses, as well as an online interactive brainstorming session with 28 deans of schools of nursing (or their designee). Patterns and themes that emerged within each group were identified and analyzed in relation to study objectives. Central themes emerged around participants' knowledge and attitudes about clinical research education for baccalaureate nursing students, factors enhancing or inhibiting inclusion of clinical research content in baccalaureate nursing programs, and professional roles nursing students could expect to assume after graduation. Although the participants agreed that mastery of clinical research knowledge and related skills is important, there was no agreement whether nurses should receive this education and training in baccalaureate programs or in staff development."""
0	"Galbreath, J. (2015). To cooperate or compete? Looking at the climate change issue in the wine industry."" International Journal of Wine Business Research 27(3): 220-238."""	671	"Galbreath, J. (2015). """"To cooperate or compete? Looking at the climate change issue in the wine industry."""" International Journal of Wine Business Research 27(3): 220-238."""""	" Purpose - This paper aims to explore the nature of the cooperation-competition nexus in regional clusters by examining how wine firms in Australia engage in knowledge exchanges about a ""common"""" strategic issue: climate change. Further, it determines if differences in climate change innovations exist based on sub-regional position. Design/methodology/approach - Using a survey, data were collected from 557 firms across three wine-producing regions in Australia. Respondents were drawn from a leading wine industry database. Findings - The findings suggest that, after accounting for all knowledge exchanges, firms across the regions appear to be generally engaging in knowledge exchanges about climate change within their own geographic sub-regions. However, paradoxically, firms in """"elite"""" sub-regions appear to be demonstrating more of a cooperative posture via a greater level of external knowledge exchanges. The results also suggest that implementation rates differ for adaptive climate change innovations only (as opposed to mitigative innovations) to the apparent advantage of firms in elite sub-regions. Research limitations/implications - The study represents Australian wine regions and should not be taken as a general population sample. The impacts of climate change in other wine-producing regions around the world may vary, leading to different results than those found in this study. Practical implications - Wine producers face many challenges with respect to climate change. To respond effectively to this issue, the sharing of knowledge is important to innovate around mitigative and adaptive practices. This research suggests that greater stimulation of open knowledge exchanges is likely needed so that all producers can benefit from industry-wide learning. Originality/value - This paper provides insights to wine scholars, industry practitioners and peak industry bodies seeking to understand and enhance the wine industry's response to climate change. The paper also points to areas of future research opportunity and provides policy recommendations."""""
0	"Galbreath, J. (2016). Exploratory Study of Climate Change Innovations in Wine Regions in Australia."" Regional Studies 50(11): 1903-1918."""	672	"Galbreath, J. (2016). """"Exploratory Study of Climate Change Innovations in Wine Regions in Australia."""" Regional Studies 50(11): 1903-1918."""""	" This study examines climate change innovations in two regional wine clusters in Australia. In South Australia, the evidence suggests firms in the wine industry are implementing climate change innovations at a higher rate than their counterparts in Western Australia. To help explain these differences, key variables are examined. Knowledge exchanges in the region and firm-level absorptive capacity explain the uptake of climate change innovations in South Australian firms, whereas knowledge exchanges alone explain innovations in Western Australian firms. Conclusions are presented along with limitations and future research opportunities."""
0	"Galeano, N., et al. (2012). Developing Research Skills in Undergraduate Students through an Internship Program in Research and Innovation."" International Journal of Engineering Education 28(1): 48-56."""	673	"Galeano, N., et al. (2012). """"Developing Research Skills in Undergraduate Students through an Internship Program in Research and Innovation."""" International Journal of Engineering Education 28(1): 48-56."""""	" World-class universities have been recognized for their intellectual contributions, among which are the products and outcomes of their research, the impact these products have on the technological and economic development of regions of influence, as well as the education of researchers. Tecnologico de Monterrey is promoting research education among undergraduate students. The Internship in Research and Innovation Program (IRIP) was developed to instill those students with the skills and a motivation to include research and innovation as part of their curriculum. IRIP is a component of the Knowledge-based Development (KBD) model at Tecnologico de Monterrey, one of the central strategies that are consolidating it as a world-class teaching, research and entrepreneurial university. Different outcomes have been achieved since IRIP began, with close relations with the research groups called Research Chairs. The results of the research include international publications, technical developments, innovations and patents, industrial research projects, and an increase in the training of researchers. The purpose of this paper is to present the conceptual and operational model of IRIP as an approach that, using Research-Based Learning (RBL) techniques, facilitates the integration of undergraduate students in research activities. After a summary and comparison of how research activities with undergraduate students are promoted in the top ranked universities, the different approaches (stand-alone, attachment and inserted) that a university can follow for integrating RBL into the undergraduate curriculum are discussed."""
0	"Galis, V. and A. Hansson (2012). Partisan Scholarship in Technoscientific Controversies: Reflections on Research Experience."" Science as Culture 21(3): 335-364."""	674	"Galis, V. and A. Hansson (2012). """"Partisan Scholarship in Technoscientific Controversies: Reflections on Research Experience."""" Science as Culture 21(3): 335-364."""""	" Several academic traditions have addressed epistemological objectivity and/or partisanship in the study of technoscientific controversies. On the one hand, positivist and relativist scholars agree that the political commitments of the social researcher should not impinge on scientific enquiry, while on the other hand, feminist and Marxist scholars not only take stands in diverse technoscientific debates, but even claim their agendas to be more credible than those of orthodox scientists. Such perspectives stress that all research is partisan in one way or another because it involves questions of who controls, manipulates, and establishes decisions, facts, and knowledge. With this in mind, it is possible to identify different forms of partisan research including capture by participants, de facto and overt partisanship, and mercenary scholarship. These different forms of partisan scholarship are characterised by differences in the motives underlying epistemological choices of research topic and method, personal commitments to the fields studied, use of research findings in controversies, and positioning of results in wider debates. Two examples help to illustrate partisan scholarship: first, a study of new technologies for managing climate change ( carbon dioxide capture and storage)  and second, the construction of the new underground metro system in Athens and its accommodation of accessibility standards. Both cases entail partisan positions and raise similar concerns about the orthodox epistemological assumptions underpinning sociotechnical systems, especially when it comes to technoscientific controversies. Supporting STS partisan scholarship, therefore, enables greater social and democratic engagement with technoscientific development."""
0	"Gallicchio, V. S. (2007). Administration of an Innovative Program of International Cooperation: Success across the Pond."" Journal of Research Administration 38(2): 78-85."""	675	"Gallicchio, V. S. (2007). """"Administration of an Innovative Program of International Cooperation: Success across the Pond."""" Journal of Research Administration 38(2): 78-85."""""	" The world continues to change rapidly and globalization is fostering common social, economic, and political agreements among countries. Agreements by governments have created opportunities to enhance educational and research endeavors that, by design, will remove barriers that previously have limited the flow of students, educators, researchers, and professionals across borders. Global access has opened the door to mobility in higher education, encouraging the development of educational standards and mutual mechanisms of recognition. Three years ago an eight-institution consortium comprised of four American and four European institutions of higher learning came together in a partnership to provide opportunities for students and faculty to share the educational and research experience internationally. A partnership of this magnitude was constructed despite barriers that were both administrative and cultural in origin. Through a positive approach, a framework for a transatlantic program of educational and research cooperation was developed. A significant level of mutual cooperation effectively solved the administrative hurdles initially encountered in the realm of research. We believe a model has been created that fosters the development of international programs to benefit faculty, students, and research administrators as they work to effectively interact in the global environment. (Contains 1 table and 1 figure.)"""
1	"Gao, R. (2015). Incorporating Students' Self-Designed, Research-Based Analytical Chemistry Projects into the Instrumentation Curriculum."" Journal of Chemical Education 92(3): 444-449."""	676	"Gao, R. (2015). """"Incorporating Students' Self-Designed, Research-Based Analytical Chemistry Projects into the Instrumentation Curriculum."""" Journal of Chemical Education 92(3): 444-449."""""	" In a typical chemistry instrumentation laboratory, students learn analytical techniques through a well-developed procedure. Such an approach, however, does not engage students in a creative endeavor. To foster the intrinsic motivation of students' desire to learn, improve their confidence in self-directed learning activities and enhance their problem-solving skills, students' self-designed, research-based analytical chemistry projects have been developed within the course of Advanced Chemical Methods for junior and senior undergraduates at SUNY College at Old Westbury. In addition to a series of manual-based laboratories held on a regular basis, students also do a literature search to formulate their own ideas that are tested using appropriate analytical instruments. By participating in self-designed projects, students independently go through the key components of analytical chemistry with greater engagement: from literature survey, problem identification, experimental design, sample preparation, measurements, results and discussion to conclusion, in a self-inquiry-based learning environment. The instructor's observation, assessment of written reports and students' self-evaluations indicate successful implementation of the projects and students' progress toward the goals mentioned above. This project provides students a research-based chemistry laboratory for self-inquiry-driven learning and independent thinking."""
0	"Gao, X. and A. W. K. Chow (2012). Primary School English Teachers' Research Engagement."" ELT Journal 66(2): 224-232."""	679	"Gao, X. and A. W. K. Chow (2012). """"Primary School English Teachers' Research Engagement."""" ELT Journal 66(2): 224-232."""""	" Research engagement is an important means for teachers to develop their professional competence. This paper reports on an enquiry into the research engagement of a group of primary school English language teachers in Guangdong province on the Chinese mainland. Drawing on questionnaire data and teachers' interview narratives, the paper examines how these Chinese primary school teachers experienced research and what their conceptions of good quality research were. While the enquiry revealed that the participants had a variety of research experiences, it also revealed that their research engagement was undermined by numerous contextual constraints and their perceived inadequacy as teacher researchers. These findings will be discussed with suggestions for making research an effective sustainable path for primary school English teachers' professional development."""
0	"Gao, X., et al. (2011). ""Nowadays, Teachers Are Relatively Obedient"": Understanding Primary School English Teachers' Conceptions of and Drives for Research in China."" Language Teaching Research 15(1): 61-81."""	677	"Gao, X., et al. (2011). """"""""Nowadays, Teachers Are Relatively Obedient"""": Understanding Primary School English Teachers' Conceptions of and Drives for Research in China."""" Language Teaching Research 15(1): 61-81."""""	" Research engagement has been widely considered crucial in transforming teachers into ""expert knowers about their students and classrooms"""" (Cochran-Smith & Lytle, 1999, p. 16). This article reports on a mixed-method study of the research engagement of a group of primary school teachers in China's Guangdong province, focusing particularly on their conceptions of teacher research and the contextual factors driving them to do research. The study revealed that the majority of these teachers opted for the type of research involving experimental use of particular teaching methods or approaches in their classrooms with the intention of improving their teaching and their students' learning. While sharing research findings through publication is an integral part of academic research, these teachers did not place much emphasis on writing for publication, although they reported alternative forms of research dissemination. The study also revealed that research has been promoted through a top-down performance review process for schools and teachers, which has research activity and outcomes structured into it. This mechanism may be effective in promoting research activity among schools and teachers, but it is far less effective in actually supporting teachers' research efforts. We conclude that further research on primary school English teachers' research experiences is needed in order to provide relevant and useful knowledge to teacher educators and policymakers on the Chinese mainland, making research a sustainable path to professional excellence for teachers. (Contains 1 table.)"""""
0	"Gao, X., et al. (2011). Research Engagement and Educational Decentralisation: Problematising Primary School English Teachers' Research Experiences in China."" Educational Studies 37(2): 207-219."""	678	"Gao, X., et al. (2011). """"Research Engagement and Educational Decentralisation: Problematising Primary School English Teachers' Research Experiences in China."""" Educational Studies 37(2): 207-219."""""	" Teachers are encouraged to enhance professional competence through reflective practice and they are also asked to undertake research to generate evidence for their professional practices. This paper reports on an inquiry into a group of primary school English language teachers' research engagement in the province of Guangdong on the Chinese mainland. The inquiry explored the effect of educational reforms on the participants' research engagement through the use of an open-ended questionnaire and group interviews. The inquiry revealed that research engagement had become an important part of the teachers' professional lives. Emerging findings from the inquiry also problematised their research engagement as it was found to have been undermined by a competitive promotion mechanism, the teachers' conceptualisations of research and challenges in the knowledge dissemination process. The paper ends with reflections on how to make teacher research ""educational"""" for teachers and serve as an effective way for professional development."""""
1	"Garcia, C. V., et al. (2013). Research and Teaching. Journey to the End of the Earth: Academic and Professional Benefits for Students Participating in a Field-Based Research Program in Antarctica."" Journal of College Science Teaching 42(4): 72-81."""	680	"Garcia, C. V., et al. (2013). """"Research and Teaching. Journey to the End of the Earth: Academic and Professional Benefits for Students Participating in a Field-Based Research Program in Antarctica."""" Journal of College Science Teaching 42(4): 72-81."""""	" With the need to increase minority representation in the polar sciences, a team of researchers from a southwestern United States public university developed an innovative field research experience entitled the International Polar Year-Research and Educational Opportunities in Antarctica for Minorities (IPY-ROAM). Supported by a National Science Foundation grant, 28 participants completed a semester-long online course and performed field research in Antarctica within the areas of aquatic ecology, terrestrial biology, physical science, ecotourism, and education. This article reports outcomes that individuals experienced through participation in IPY-ROAM as related to their educational and career aspirations. Two outcome areas explored are the participants' self-reported career competencies and their professional and academic goals. This study examines the benefits, as perceived by students, of performing hands-on research in field-based settings. Data generated from this program may serve as a means to justify further investment in field research programs for students in Antarctica and the Arctic. (Contains 2 tables and 4 figures.)"""
0	"Garcia, P. J., et al. (2010). Research training needs in Peruvian national TB/HIV programs."" Bmc Medical Education 10."""	681	"Garcia, P. J., et al. (2010). """"Research training needs in Peruvian national TB/HIV programs."""" Bmc Medical Education 10."""""	" Background: There are few published reports of research training needs assessments and research training programs. In an effort to expand this nascent field of study and to bridge the gap between research and practice, we sought to systematically assess the research training needs of health care professionals working at Peruvian governmental institutions leading HIV and tuberculosis (TB) control and among senior stakeholders in the field. Methods: Six institutional workshops were conducted with the participation of 161 mid-level health professionals from agencies involved in national HIV and TB control. At each workshop informants completed a structured questionnaire and participated in small and large group discussions. Additional data and institutional commitment was obtained through in-depth interviews from 32 senior managers and researchers from the Ministry of Health, academia and NGOs. Results: Participants exhibited an overwhelming receptivity for additional research training, observing a gap between current levels of research training and their perceived importance. Specialized skills in obtaining funding, developing research protocols, particularly in operational, behavioral and prevention research were considered in greatest need. Beyond research training, participants identified broader social, economic and political factors as influential in infectious disease control. Conclusions: The needs assessment suggests that future training should focus on operational research techniques, rather than on clinical skill building or program implementation only. Strengthening health systems not only requires additional research training, but also adequate financial resources to implement research findings."""
0	"Garde-Hansen, J. and B. Calvert (2007). Developing a Research Culture in the Undergraduate Curriculum."" Active Learning in Higher Education 8(2): 105-116."""	682	"Garde-Hansen, J. and B. Calvert (2007). """"Developing a Research Culture in the Undergraduate Curriculum."""" Active Learning in Higher Education 8(2): 105-116."""""	" A great deal of value is placed on student research within universities, exemplified by the prominent role of the dissertation or extended written work at the end of many programmes, and the more general benefits of embedding research-based learning into a curriculum in order to develop higher-order learning. This article reports on a collaborative problem-based learning (PBL) activity undertaken by staff and students to run an undergraduate conference for first year students on how to develop a research culture. The aim is to better understand how students undertake research and how a research culture might be inculcated much earlier in undergraduate programmes."""
0	"Garland, P. (2014). What can the work of Habermas offer educational researcher development programmes?"" Studies in Higher Education 39(1): 87-101."""	683	"Garland, P. (2014). """"What can the work of Habermas offer educational researcher development programmes?"""" Studies in Higher Education 39(1): 87-101."""""	" Although certain aspects of the work of Habermas have had much influence on emancipatory and action research, this article draws on a wider range of his thinking in order to explore how his ideas can inform the content and process of educational researcher development programmes. Habermas's theory of communicative action, his discourse ethics and his work on deliberative democracy suggest a process for examining perspectives, methodologies and the 'truths' offered by research on terms congruent with their epistemologies. The implications of the proposed framework are that a plurality of ontological and epistemological positions should be presented in educational researcher development programmes and, for this to happen, representative voices need to be heard. The search for and construction of knowledge as a cumulative and revisable process of communicative action is proposed as a model for discourse on such programmes."""
0	"Garnache, C., et al. (2016). SOLVING THE PHOSPHORUS POLLUTION PUZZLE: SYNTHESIS AND DIRECTIONS FOR FUTURE RESEARCH."" American Journal of Agricultural Economics 98(5): 1334-1359."""	684	"Garnache, C., et al. (2016). """"SOLVING THE PHOSPHORUS POLLUTION PUZZLE: SYNTHESIS AND DIRECTIONS FOR FUTURE RESEARCH."""" American Journal of Agricultural Economics 98(5): 1334-1359."""""	" Despite the success of efforts to reduce phosphorus (P) pollution from point sources, P from non-point agricultural sources remains a vexing problem with many U.S. water bodies having impairments. Key to solving the P pollution puzzle is to take stock of progress to date, the puzzle pieces available, and the gaps to be filled. In this paper, we synthesize the state of knowledge on P pollution, discuss the state of existing public programs, and review economists' contributions to informing P pollution policies. We review the water quality valuation literature, identifying limitations in the linkages to policy-relevant environmental quality metrics. We examine how and why P is used agriculturally, along with recent advances in market-based policy design and field testing. We survey new knowledge in biology and engineering, including improved understanding of the fate and transport of P. In light of recent learning and persistent knowledge gaps, we recommend directions for economic research to add needed pieces to the puzzle of how to protect our water bodies. Puzzle gaps meriting attention include mechanisms to target public funds more effectively in voluntary abatement programs, policy design for emerging mitigation technologies, new ways to implement performance-based policies, means to leverage social norms and behavioral cues, changes in the ""pay-the-polluter"""" paradigm, and application of state-of-the-art evaluation methods to conservation programs. Beyond the realm of public policy lies that of private supply chains, where establishment of environmental standards holds additional promise. Rich research opportunities exist for economists in tandem with biologists, engineers, and others."""""
0	"Garner, B. R., et al. (2007). Reasons for and attitudes toward follow-up research participation among adolescents enrolled in an outpatient substance abuse treatment program."" Journal of Child & Adolescent Substance Abuse 16(4): 45-57."""	685	"Garner, B. R., et al. (2007). """"Reasons for and attitudes toward follow-up research participation among adolescents enrolled in an outpatient substance abuse treatment program."""" Journal of Child & Adolescent Substance Abuse 16(4): 45-57."""""	" Maintaining study cohorts over time is crucial to the success of treatment outcome research studies. This paper examines reasons why adolescents with substance use problems continued to participate in follow-up interviews. The sample consisted of 145 adolescents between the ages of 12 and 18, who completed an outcome study following outpatient treatment for substance use. Adolescents' top reason for continued participation was financial compensation  however, a high percentage of adolescents responded favorably to several other attitudinal questions concerning their follow-up participation, suggesting that the adolescents had a primarily positive view of their research experience and that reasons for research participation are multidimensional. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Garrett, T. A., et al. (2015). Doing that thing that scientists do: A discovery-driven module on protein purification and characterization for the undergraduate biochemistry laboratory classroom."" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 43(3): 145-153."""	686	"Garrett, T. A., et al. (2015). """"Doing that thing that scientists do: A discovery-driven module on protein purification and characterization for the undergraduate biochemistry laboratory classroom."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 43(3): 145-153."""""	" In traditional introductory biochemistry laboratory classes students learn techniques for protein purification and analysis by following provided, established, step-by-step procedures. Students are exposed to a variety of biochemical techniques but are often not developing procedures or collecting new, original data. In this laboratory module, students develop research skills through work on an original research project and gain confidence in their ability to design and execute an experiment while faculty can enhance their scholarly pursuits through the acquisition of original data in the classroom laboratory. Students are prepared for a 6-8 week discovery-driven project on the purification of the Escherichia coli cytidylate kinase (CMP kinase) through in class problems and other laboratory exercises on bioinformatics and protein structure analysis. After a minimal amount of guidance on how to perform the CMP kinase in vitro enzyme assay, SDS-PAGE, and the basics of protein purification, students, working in groups of three to four, develop a protein purification protocol based on the scientific literature and investigate some aspect of CMP kinase that interests them. Through this process, students learn how to implement a new but perhaps previously worked out procedure to answer their research question. In addition, they learn the importance of keeping a clear and thorough laboratory notebook and how to interpret their data and use that data to inform the next set of experiments. Following this module, students had increased confidence in their ability to do basic biochemistry techniques and reported that the self-directed nature of this lab increased their engagement in the project. (c) 2015 by The International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, 43(3):145-153, 2015."""
0	"Garvis, S. (2012). ""You Are My Sunshine My Only Sunshine"": Current Music Activities in Kindergarten Classrooms in Queensland, Australia."" Australian Journal of Music Education(1): 14-21."""	687	"Garvis, S. (2012). """"""""You Are My Sunshine My Only Sunshine"""": Current Music Activities in Kindergarten Classrooms in Queensland, Australia."""" Australian Journal of Music Education(1): 14-21."""""	" Music in early years classrooms is an important learning area for young children. Young children need access to hear different genres of music, learn a variety of repertoire, engage in composing and play musical instruments. With the changing reform agenda in early childhood education however, little is known about the way music is positioned in the kindergarten classrooms. Little is known if music is still considered an important foundation for children's learning. This study provides a snapshot of music activities in two kindergartens in Queensland, Australia. At each of the case sites, music plays an important role in helping the children learn. Findings reveal that music is seen as a foundation for many of the daily routines and an important element of inquiry based-learning in the classroom. The kindergarten teachers are essential in developing the domain-intrinsic knowledge of the children. Findings show the importance of the teacher in helping children learn music in the early years."""
0	"Gawne, B., et al. (2010). Can a collaborative focus on solutions improve our capacity to achieve sustainable water management?"" Marine and Freshwater Research 61(7): 814-820."""	688	"Gawne, B., et al. (2010). """"Can a collaborative focus on solutions improve our capacity to achieve sustainable water management?"""" Marine and Freshwater Research 61(7): 814-820."""""	" Despite the influence of freshwater ecology on investment and management worldwide, many aquatic ecosystems remain severely degraded. By using the Murray-Darling Basin, Australia, as an example, we examined the relationship between freshwater ecological research and interventions implemented to achieve management objectives. We explored four related issues about why freshwater ecologists are rarely satisfied with management solutions and why some adopted remedies have not achieved sustainable management outcomes. We argue that, as a discipline, freshwater ecology does not focus enough on the development of solutions. Many proposed solutions create problems elsewhere and implementation of these solutions can prove unduly problematic. Although there is no simple panacea, changes to the training and career structure of freshwater ecologists could increase researchers' focus on solutions and enhance their capacity for cross-disciplinary collaboration, especially with social scientists. Such cross-disciplinary outputs are more likely to be palatable because of their system focus. Professor Peter Cullen advocated the importance of undertaking collaborative research to generate predictive capacity. We extend that call by advocating greater cross-disciplinary collaboration and the need for research to focus on the development of solutions rather than problem delineation."""
1	Gehring, K. M. and D. A. Eastman (2008). Information Fluency for Undergraduate Biology Majors: Applications of Inquiry-based Learning in a Developmental Biology Course, American Society for Cell Biology. 8120 Woodmont Avenue Suite 750, Bethesda, MD 20814-2762. 7: 10.	689	Gehring, K. M. and D. A. Eastman (2008). Information Fluency for Undergraduate Biology Majors: Applications of Inquiry-based Learning in a Developmental Biology Course, American Society for Cell Biology. 8120 Woodmont Avenue Suite 750, Bethesda, MD 20814-2762. 7: 10.	" Many initiatives for the improvement of undergraduate science education call for inquiry-based learning that emphasizes investigative projects and reading of the primary literature. These approaches give students an understanding of science as a process and help them integrate content presented in courses. At the same time, general initiatives to promote information fluency are being promoted on many college and university campuses. Information fluency refers to discipline-specific processing of information, and it involves integration of gathered information with specific ideas to form logical conclusions. We have implemented the use of inquiry-based learning to enhance and study discipline-specific information fluency skills in an upper-level undergraduate Developmental Biology course. In this study, an information literacy tutorial and a set of linked assignments using primary literature analysis were integrated with two inquiry-based laboratory research projects. Quantitaitve analysis of student responses suggests that the abilities of students to identify and apply valid sources of information were enhanced. Qualitative assessment revealed a set of patterns by which students gather and apply information. Self-assessment responses indicated that students recognized the impact of the assignments on their abilities to gather and apply information and that they were more confident about these abilities for future biology courses and beyond. (Contains 4 tables and 2 figures.)"""
NaN		690	"Gelso, C. J., et al. (2013). """"The making of a scientist–psychotherapist: The research training environment and the psychotherapist."""" Psychotherapy 50(2): 139-149."""""	" A theory of the research training environment (RTE) proposed by Gelso (Counseling Psychologist, 8:7–35, 1979  Professional Psychology: Research and Practice, 24:468–476, 1993  The Counseling Psychologist, 25:307–320, 1997) is updated, and the research evidence that bears upon this theory is reviewed. Evidence accumulated over more than three decades supports the influence of the RTE on the research attitudes, research self-efficacy, and research productivity of graduate students in psychotherapy-related fields in psychology. Both the global RTE and 10 ingredients posited by RTE theory are reviewed. The ingredients that seem to have the greatest association with theorized training outcomes in students are (1) faculty modeling of scientific behavior, (2) positive reinforcement of students’ scientific behavior, (3) teaching students, through the advising relationship and research teams, that science can be a partly social-interpersonal experience, and (4) teaching students that all research is flawed and limited. The training program faculty is responsible for arranging the training environment so that it will maximally impact psychotherapy graduate students’ research attitudes, research self-efficacy, and productivity. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Geonnotti, K. L., et al. (2014). Workforce development for comparative effectiveness research: training programs funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act."" Journal of Comparative Effectiveness Research 3(6): 609-615."""	691	"Geonnotti, K. L., et al. (2014). """"Workforce development for comparative effectiveness research: training programs funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act."""" Journal of Comparative Effectiveness Research 3(6): 609-615."""""	" Aim: We conducted a midstream assessment of the comparative effectiveness research (CER) training programs funded by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA) by examining program characteristics, planned curriculum development activities and core competencies. Materials & methods: We examined all 43 training projects funded by the US$46 million ARRA CER investment, collecting data from key informant discussions and a technical expert panel. Results: The majority of projects leveraged institutional resources to provide an individualized combination of didactic and experiential learning supported by strong mentorship. Core competencies included skills in statistical modeling, evidence synthesis (systematic reviews and meta-analysis) and general research design skills. Conclusion: ARRA-supported CER training programs enhanced workforce capacity by developing curricula and preparing CER researchers to apply emerging methods and utilize new CER infrastructure."""
0	"George, L. K., et al. (2014). The Duke Center for the Study of Aging: One of Our Earliest Roots."" Gerontologist 54(1): 59-66."""	692	"George, L. K., et al. (2014). """"The Duke Center for the Study of Aging: One of Our Earliest Roots."""" Gerontologist 54(1): 59-66."""""	" The Duke University Center for the Study of Aging and Human Development (Duke CFA) was established by a multidisciplinary group of visionary scientists in 1955. It is the oldest continually operating center or institute dedicated to aging in the United States. This article outlines the origins of the Duke CFA and summarizes the major research initiatives conducted in its early years. The primary focus is on these landmark studies and their legacies. Those studies made important initial contributions to the knowledge base, introduced measurement tools and research designs that became standards in the field, and served as the impetus for later and current research. The hallmarks of these studies are their multidisciplinary foundations and their focus on the health and well-being of older adults. The Duke CFAs current research clearly builds upon the goals, insights, and empirical results of previous research initiatives. Although aging research is and has been the bedrock of the Duke CFA, developing services responsive to the needs of older adults and multidisciplinary training have also been hallmarks of the Duke CFA. Dukes Geriatric Evaluation and Treatment Clinic was established in 1974 and remains a national model for geriatric assessment. Our postdoctoral research training program has graduated more than 200 scholars and our Geriatric Fellowship program has graduated 113 geriatricians. Many of our graduates have exemplary careers in aging, contributing to important research advances, providing care to thousands of older adults, serving as leaders in the field, and training new generations of gerontologists and geriatricians."""
1	"Georgiopoulos, M., et al. (2009). A Sustainable Model for Integrating Current Topics in Machine Learning Research into the Undergraduate Curriculum."" IEEE Transactions on Education 52(4): 503-512."""	693	"Georgiopoulos, M., et al. (2009). """"A Sustainable Model for Integrating Current Topics in Machine Learning Research into the Undergraduate Curriculum."""" IEEE Transactions on Education 52(4): 503-512."""""	" This paper presents an integrated research and teaching model that has resulted from an NSF-funded effort to introduce results of current Machine Learning research into the engineering and computer science curriculum at the University of Central Florida (UCF). While in-depth exposure to current topics in Machine Learning has traditionally occurred at the graduate level, the model developed affords an innovative and feasible approach to expanding the depth of coverage in research topics to undergraduate students. The model has been self-sustaining as evidenced by its continued operation during the years after the NSF grant's expiration, and is transferable to other institutions due to its use of modular and faculty-specific technical content. This model offers a tightly coupled teaching and research approach to introducing current topics in Machine Learning research to undergraduates, while also involving them in the research process itself. The approach has provided new mechanisms to increase faculty participation in undergraduate research, has exposed approximately 15 undergraduates annually to research at UCF, and has effectively prepared a number of these students for graduate study through active involvement in the research process and coauthoring of publications. (Contains 3 tables, 6 figures, and 1 footnote.)"""
0	"Geyer, N. (2008). Reflective Practices in Foreign Language Teacher Education: A View Through Micro and Macro Windows."" Foreign Language Annals 41(4): 627-638."""	694	"Geyer, N. (2008). """"Reflective Practices in Foreign Language Teacher Education: A View Through Micro and Macro Windows."""" Foreign Language Annals 41(4): 627-638."""""	" As professional development models of teacher education that allow for self-directed, collaborative, inquiry-based learning are increasingly replacing more traditional top-down models, researchers acknowledge the impact of teacher's reflective practices. Although many different types of reflective practices are reported, the differences across such practices have rarely been discussed. This study focuses on a form of reflective practices have rarely been discussed. This study focuses on a form of reflective practice - classroom observation - and compares graduate teaching assistants' observation of their own classroom performance through two distinct ""windows"""" - an entire class and a targeted teacher-fronted activity - within the framework of a foreign language (Japanese) teacher education course. Both types of observation have their distinct advantages and reveal different aspects of the teaching process, as is clearly evidenced in the teaching assistants' reports. The study presents a strong rationale for incorporating both whole-class (macro) and targeted (micro) observations into teacher education programs."""""
0	"Ghadge, A., et al. (2012). Supply chain risk management: present and future scope."" International Journal of Logistics Management 23(3): 313-339."""	695	"Ghadge, A., et al. (2012). """"Supply chain risk management: present and future scope."""" International Journal of Logistics Management 23(3): 313-339."""""	" Purpose - This paper examines supply chain risk management (SCRM) from a holistic systems thinking perspective by considering the different typologies that have evolved as a result of earlier research. The purpose of this paper is to identify important strategic changes in the field and to outline future requirements and research opportunities in SCRM. Design/methodology/approach - The systematic literature review (SLR) methodology employed by this research was used to evaluate and categorise a literature survey of quality articles published over a period of ten years (2000-2010). Additionally, the findings from the SLR have been strengthened through cross validation against results obtained from an associated text mining activity. Findings - The SLR methodology has provided a rich, unbiased and holistic picture of the advances in the field of SCRM. Consequently, important new research areas have been identified based on a multi-perspective descriptive and thematic data analysis. In addition, the analysis, based on evolved typologies, indicates a growth of SCRM from a nascent to a fairly established activity over the past decade. Practical implications - The systematic approach undertaken for the literature review will provide future researchers and managers with an insightful understanding of the scope of the SCRM field. Also, the literature review provides important clues on new research directions for SCRM through identification of gaps in current knowledge. Originality/value - The holistic approach to SCRM was found to be an important missing link in earlier literature surveys. The outcome of the SLR reported in this paper has provided critical insights into the present and future scope of the SCRM field. The identified research insights, gaps and future directions will encourage new research techniques, with a view to managing the risks in the globalized supply chain environment."""
1	"Ghee, M., et al. (2016). Fine-Tuning Summer Research Programs to Promote Underrepresented Students' Persistence in the STEM Pathway."" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 15(3)."""	696	"Ghee, M., et al. (2016). """"Fine-Tuning Summer Research Programs to Promote Underrepresented Students' Persistence in the STEM Pathway."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 15(3)."""""	" Although the importance of undergraduate research experiences in preparing students for graduate study and research careers is well documented, specific examination of program components is needed to assess the impact of these programs on underrepresented (UR) students. The Leadership Alliance, a consortium of leading PhD-granting and minority-serving institutions (MSIs), has leveraged its diverse partnership to place UR students from MSI and non-MSI institutions in competitive research environments through its national Summer Research Early Identification Program. Using longitudinal pre/post data collected from student surveys, we applied social cognitive career theory as a conceptual framework to examine how research engagement, skill development, and mentorship aspects of a summer research program affect students' commitment to pursue research careers. Self-reported knowledge of research skills, time engaged in research activity, and students' understanding of and attitudes toward pursuing graduate study were measured in relation to the classification of students' home undergraduate institution, level of students' pre-existing research experience, and demographic factors. Our results provide evidence of specific programmatic components that are beneficial for UR students from varying academic and cultural backgrounds. This study describes important aspects of summer research programs that will contribute to students' ability to persist in science careers."""
1	"Gibson, B. A. and B. C. Bruno (2012). The C-MORE Scholars Program: Motivations for an Academic-Year Research Experiences for Undergraduates Program."" Journal of College Science Teaching 41(5): 12-18."""	697	"Gibson, B. A. and B. C. Bruno (2012). """"The C-MORE Scholars Program: Motivations for an Academic-Year Research Experiences for Undergraduates Program."""" Journal of College Science Teaching 41(5): 12-18."""""	" Research Experiences for Undergraduates (REU) programs have been shown to be effective mechanisms to recruit undergraduate students into the sciences and also to retain them, especially as related to underrepresented students. Academic-year REU programs have numerous benefits, including participation in longer-term research projects that allow more time to digest material, develop skills, and draw connections with coursework. This paper describes an academic-year REU program targeted at underrepresented students within the University of Hawaii system, shows how it is aligned with best practices for broadening participation, and presents evaluation results. (Contains 5 tables and 1 figure.)"""
0	"Gibson, R. and M. Anderson (2008). Touching the Void: Arts Education Research in Australia."" Asia Pacific Journal of Education 28(1): 103-112."""	698	"Gibson, R. and M. Anderson (2008). """"Touching the Void: Arts Education Research in Australia."""" Asia Pacific Journal of Education 28(1): 103-112."""""	" This article is an overview of arts education research in Australia. The authors argue that there is an urgent need for key arts organisations to form strategic partnerships with arts educators to provide stronger research in the area of arts education. This research base would enhance the ability of policymakers, arts administrators and arts educators to argue for a stronger presence for arts education in schools. Many arts educators and researchers believe that engagement with the arts has value beyond the specific arts subjects themselves. International studies have indicated that important cognitive and social processes and capabilities are developed in arts-enriched experiences, which can be particularly significant for students who are at risk, disengaged and/or underachieving. While this realisation has stimulated action in other countries such as China, Singapore and Japan, arts education researchers in Australia currently make do with small-scale and often ad hoc research in an attempt to argue their case. The conclusions and recommendations of this article call for a series of strategic partnerships to touch or even fill the current void in arts education research in Australia. (Contains 2 tables and 5 notes.)"""
1	"Gilardi, S. and E. Lozza (2009). Inquiry-Based Learning and Undergraduates' Professional Identity Development: Assessment of a Field Research-Based Course."" Innovative Higher Education 34(4): 245-256."""	699	"Gilardi, S. and E. Lozza (2009). """"Inquiry-Based Learning and Undergraduates' Professional Identity Development: Assessment of a Field Research-Based Course."""" Innovative Higher Education 34(4): 245-256."""""	" Innovative strategies in inquiry-based learning are recognized as improving the quality of higher education learning, but there is a need to explore whether and how these strategies promote the development of professional identity among undergraduates. In this article we describe an inquiry-based course, situated in a European context, which is designed to support students' professional identity development through reflective practice  and we present the assessment of students' learning outcomes. Results highlight the key roles of field research, peer groups, and a narrative approach in promoting positive student attitudes toward reflecting on their production of knowledge and in developing their professional identity."""
0.5	"Gilbert, J. K., et al. (2012). Adding an Integrated Library Component to an Undergraduate Research Methods Course."" PS: Political Science and Politics 45(1): 112-118."""	700	"Gilbert, J. K., et al. (2012). """"Adding an Integrated Library Component to an Undergraduate Research Methods Course."""" PS: Political Science and Politics 45(1): 112-118."""""	" As undergraduate students increasingly rely on the Internet as their primary method for gathering sources, they often overlook the rich and varied resources available to them in library collections. Furthermore, students often lack the sophistication to effectively seek out and use information, an ability generally referred to as information literacy. Political scientists and librarians at one institution sought to address the gap in student information literacy skills by creating and implementing a semester-long library lab component integrated into the required research methods course within the political science department. This article presents the steps taken to implement the lab component, including the student learning outcomes we sought to address. We also focus on the measures we used to assess the impact of the lab component. Students who participated in the lab component demonstrate markedly improved information literacy skills compared to those who did not."""
1	"Gilmore, J., et al. (2015). The Relationship between Undergraduate Research Participation and Subsequent Research Performance of Early Career STEM Graduate Students."" Journal of Higher Education 86(6): 834-863."""	701	"Gilmore, J., et al. (2015). """"The Relationship between Undergraduate Research Participation and Subsequent Research Performance of Early Career STEM Graduate Students."""" Journal of Higher Education 86(6): 834-863."""""	" Undergraduate research experiences have been adopted across higher education institutions. However, most studies examining benefits derived from undergraduate research rely on self-report of skill development. This study used an empirical assessment of research skills to investigate associations between undergraduate research experiences and research skill performance in graduate school. Research experience characteristics including duration, autonomy, collaboration, and motivation were also examined. Undergraduate research experience was linked to heightened graduate school performance in all research skills assessed. While autonomy and collaboration were highlighted in student interviews, duration was most strongly correlated to significant increases in research skill performance. Based on these findings, we advocate for the inclusion of research experiences into the undergraduate science curriculum coupled with the creation of centralized offices of undergraduate research and faculty incentives for involving undergraduates in their research."""
0	"Ginns, P., et al. (2009). Using postgraduate students' evaluations of research experience to benchmark departments and faculties: Issues and challenges."" British Journal of Educational Psychology 79(3): 577-598."""	702	"Ginns, P., et al. (2009). """"Using postgraduate students' evaluations of research experience to benchmark departments and faculties: Issues and challenges."""" British Journal of Educational Psychology 79(3): 577-598."""""	" Background: The introduction of the Australian Research Training Scheme has been a strong reason for assuring the quality of the research higher degree (RHD) experience  if students experience poor supervision, an unsupportive climate, and inadequate infrastructure, prior research suggests RHD students will be less likely to complete their degree, with negative consequences for the student, the university, and society at large. Aims: The present study examines the psychometric properties of a survey instrument, the Student Research Experience Questionnaire (SREQ), for measuring the RHD experience of currently enrolled students. The core scales of the SREQ focus on student experiences of Supervision  Infrastructure  Intellectual and Social Climate  and Generic Skills Development. Sample: Participants were 2,213 postgraduate research students of a large, research-intensive Australian university. Results: Preliminary factor analyses conducted at the student level supported the a priori four factors that the SREQ was designed to measure. However, multi-level analyses indicated that there was almost no differentiation between faculties or departments nested with faculties, suggesting that the SREQ responses are not appropriate for benchmarking faculties or departments. Conclusions: Consistent with earlier research based on comparisons across universities, the SREQ is shown to be almost completely unreliable in terms of benchmarking faculties or departments within a university. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Ginwright, S. A. and J. Cammarota (2015). Teaching Social Justice Research to Undergraduate Students in Puerto Rico: Using Personal Experiences to Inform Research."" Equity & Excellence in Education 48(2): 162-177."""	703	"Ginwright, S. A. and J. Cammarota (2015). """"Teaching Social Justice Research to Undergraduate Students in Puerto Rico: Using Personal Experiences to Inform Research."""" Equity & Excellence in Education 48(2): 162-177."""""	" This article explores the process of teaching undergraduate students to conduct social justice research. We were interested in understanding how to develop a social justice perspective among students while training them in conventional research methods. The following questions guided our research activities. How can the principles of social justice inform undergraduate research projects? What pedagogical strategies prepare students to conduct social justice-based research? What are the challenges and opportunities in teaching social justice research? We documented the lessons and activities during the field school and collected students' comments in journals, extensive observations, focus groups, and interviews to understand the influence of social justice on the students' approach to research. We identify three lessons in teaching social justice. First, teaching social justice requires that students develop meaningful relationships with the community understudy. Second, gender dynamics can prohibit or promote meaningful student engagement and learning. Third, it is important to consider how to integrate, rather than ""add on,"""" social justice activities and discussions into research lessons."""""
0	"Giovino, G. A., et al. (2013). Research priorities for FCTC Articles 20, 21, and 22: Surveillance/evaluation and information exchange."" Nicotine & Tobacco Research 15(4): 847-861."""	704	"Giovino, G. A., et al. (2013). """"Research priorities for FCTC Articles 20, 21, and 22: Surveillance/evaluation and information exchange."""" Nicotine & Tobacco Research 15(4): 847-861."""""	" Introduction: Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (FCTC) Articles 20, 21, and 22 call for strong monitoring and reporting of tobacco use and factors influencing use and disease (Articles 20 and 21) and for collaboration among the Parties and relevant organizations to share resources, knowledge, and expertise on all relevant tobacco control strategies (Article 22). Methods: This paper provides background information and discusses research strategies that would strengthen these efforts and better inform the Parties. By necessity, Articles 20 and 21 are discussed separately from Article 22, although 1 example that relates to both 20/21 and 22 is discussed at the end. Results: Twelve important research opportunities on surveillance and evaluation are recognized, along with 4 on collaboration. The authors believe that the 6 most important areas for research would study (a) possible underreporting of tobacco use among certain demographic groups in some countries, (b) measures of industry activities, (c) optimal sampling strategies, (d) sentinel surveillance, (e) networks of tobacco companies and their partners as they promote tobacco use and interfere with implementation of the FCTC, and (f) network/relationship factors that impact diffusion of knowledge and decision making on the implementation of the FCTC. In addition, we call for a review process of existing surveillance and evaluation strategies to coordinate activities to make optimal use of existing resources. This activity would involve networking as prescribed in Article 22. Conclusions: Studies and activities such as these would facilitate control of the tobacco epidemic. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Gipson, J. D., et al. (2011). Conducting collaborative abortion research in international settings."" Women's Health Issues 21(3, Suppl): S58-S62."""	705	"Gipson, J. D., et al. (2011). """"Conducting collaborative abortion research in international settings."""" Women's Health Issues 21(3, Suppl): S58-S62."""""	" Nearly 20% of the 208 million pregnancies that occur annually are aborted. More than half of these (21.6 million) are unsafe, resulting in 47,000 abortion-related deaths each year. Accurate reports on the prevalence of abortion, the conditions under which it occurs, and the experiences women have in obtaining abortions are essential to addressing unsafe abortion globally. It is difficult, however, to obtain accurate and reliable reports of attitudes and practices given that abortion is often controversial and stigmatized, even in settings where it is legal. To improve the understanding and measurement of abortion, specific considerations are needed throughout all stages of the planning, design, and implementation of research on abortion: Establishment of strong local partnerships, knowledge of local culture, integration of innovative methodologies, and approaches that may facilitate better reporting. This paper draws on the authors’ collaborative research experiences conducting abortion-related studies using clinic- and community-based samples in five diverse settings (Poland, Zanzibar, Mexico City, the Philippines, and Bangladesh). The purpose of this paper is to share insights and lessons learned with new and established researchers to inform the development and implementation of abortion-related research. The paper discusses the unique challenges of conducting abortion-related research and key considerations for the design and implementation of abortion research, both to maximize data quality and to frame inferences from this research appropriately. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Gironda, M. W., et al. (2013). A Program to Recruit and Mentor Future Academic Dentists: Successes and Challenges."" Journal of Dental Education 77(3): 292-299."""	706	"Gironda, M. W., et al. (2013). """"A Program to Recruit and Mentor Future Academic Dentists: Successes and Challenges."""" Journal of Dental Education 77(3): 292-299."""""	" There is a continuing shortage of academic dentists due to myriad factors. However, each graduating class of dental students includes a select group who choose to explore academic positions. It is this group of potential academic dentists that a four-year R25 initiative, funded by the National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research, has targeted with the intent of increasing their numbers and mentoring them for success in a future faculty position. The aims of the program at the School of Dentistry, University of California, Los Angeles, are to target and recruit potential clinician-scientists and to design and implement an Academic Track (AT) that complements existing clinical and research training with the comprehensive skill set of pedagogical, organizational, and personal strategies necessary to be successful in an academic career. Recruitment to the AT targeted candidates from a variety of sources including those enrolled in the dual D.D.S./M.S. and D.D.S./Ph.D. programs, dental residents, Ph.D. candidates in other disciplines, and predental students. Through a variety of professional development activities in the AT, selected students receive teaching, leadership, and mentoring experiences. Outcomes and lessons learned related to specific activities and lessons learned are presented in this article, and a model that recognizes the diverse paths to an academic career in dentistry is recommended. Dr. Gironda was Adjunct Associate Professor, Division of Public Health and Community Dentistry, School of Dentistry, University of California, Los Angeles, at the time of this study  Dr. Bibb is Clinical Professor, Division of Oral Biology and Medicine, and Associate Dean of Student Affairs, School of Dentistry, University of California, Los Angeles  Dr. Lefever is Academic Program Coordinator, School of Dentistry, University of California, Los Angeles  Dr. Law is Associate Clinical Professor, Division of Associated Clinical Specialties, and Chair, Section of Pediatric Dentistry, School of Dentistry, University of California, Los Angeles  and Dr. Messadi is Professor, Division of Oral Biology and Medicine, and Chair, Section of Oral Medicine and Orofacial Pain, School of Dentistry, University of California, Los Angeles. Direct correspondence and requests for reprints to Dr. Melanie W. Gironda, Department of Family Medicine, Program in Geriatrics, UCI School of Medical, 200 The City Drive South, Building 200, Suite 835, Orange, CA 92868  714-456-7855  mgironda@uci.edu."""
0	"Glass, R. I., et al. (2014). The importance of research in the MEPI program: Perspectives from the National Institutes of Health."" Academic Medicine 89(Suppl 8): S9-S10."""	707	"Glass, R. I., et al. (2014). """"The importance of research in the MEPI program: Perspectives from the National Institutes of Health."""" Academic Medicine 89(Suppl 8): S9-S10."""""	" The Medical Education Partnership Initiative (MEPI), which aims to strengthen and transform education in medicine and the health sciences in Africa, has placed special emphasis on including research as part of new curricula. The great progress achieved against HIV/AIDS globally has been based in part on major research conducted by African investigators working in African institutions at African field sites in collaboration with international partners. This experience demonstrates the key role of academic institutions in generating knowledge while training the next generation of health professionals. Research is a key driver of innovation in the health sciences, and it can spur global collaborations, build substantial financial support, empower scientific leadership, and promote economic development. Through MEPI, young investigators are becoming engaged in research training early in their careers with projects that develop research skills to help them better understand how to evaluate and integrate new evidence into policy and practice, advance the science of health within their countries, and strengthen the academic institutions in which they work. Research training is an essential component of MEPI and should endure long after the program ends. It may help build a critical mass of researchers as well as a cadre of health professionals, teachers, and leaders who will be better equipped to embrace the continually changing panorama of advances in the health sciences. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Glass-Coffin, B. (2016). Building capacity and transforming lives: Anthropology undergraduates and religious campus-climate research on a public university campus."" Annals of Anthropological Practice 40(2): 258-269."""	708	"Glass-Coffin, B. (2016). """"Building capacity and transforming lives: Anthropology undergraduates and religious campus-climate research on a public university campus."""" Annals of Anthropological Practice 40(2): 258-269."""""	" This paper tells the story of how undergraduate researchers participating in an applied and participatory anthropological research project at Utah State University have used their research experience to help make our campus a more welcoming place for all who orient around religion and spirituality differently. The campus-climate research project described herein was designed to investigate the relationship between diverse religious and spiritual commitments and feelings of discomfort or well-being on our campus. Students who worked on this project gained valuable skills as researchers. Additionally, they became student leaders of a movement to promote a more welcoming climate on campus. Both kinds of experience as student researchers and as campus-change-agents have provided these students with value-added skills and knowledge that will increase employability. Far from a ""degree to nowhere,"""" applied and participatory anthropology has prepared these undergraduates to meet the challenges of a world that needs the anthropological lens now more than ever before."""""
1	"Glenn, S., et al. (2011). The Trans-Atlantic Slocum Glider Expeditions: A Catalyst for Undergraduate Participation in Ocean Science and Technology."" Marine Technology Society Journal 45(1): 52-67."""	709	"Glenn, S., et al. (2011). """"The Trans-Atlantic Slocum Glider Expeditions: A Catalyst for Undergraduate Participation in Ocean Science and Technology."""" Marine Technology Society Journal 45(1): 52-67."""""	" Results of Office of Naval Research (ONR)- and National Science Foundation (NSF)-sponsored collaborative coastal science experiments using underwater gliders were reported at the E.U./U.S. Baltic Sea conference in 2006. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) recognized the parallel educational potential and issued a trans-Atlantic challenge-modify one of the coastal gliders and fly it across the Atlantic, entraining and inspiring students along the way. Leveraging the experience of the NSF Centers for Ocean Sciences Education Excellence, a needs assessment process guided the development of a new undergraduate research program based on the cognitive apprenticeship model. The generalized model was applied to the specific opportunities provided by the trans-Atlantic challenge, involving students in every aspect of the missions. Students participated in the modifications and testing required to increase glider endurance and in the development of the mission planning tools. Scientist and student teams conducted three long-duration missions: (1) RU15's flight from New Jersey to Nova Scotia to test the lithium batteries and ruggedized fin technology in storms, (2) RU17's first attempt at the Atlantic crossing that provided the lessons learned, and (3) RU27's successful trans-Atlantic flight a year later. Post-flight activities included development of new intuitive glider data visualization software that enabled students to analyze the glider data and compare it with ocean forecast models, enabling students to create their own new knowledge. Lessons learned include the significant gains achieved by engaging students early, encouraging them to work as teams, giving them the tools to make their own discoveries, and developing a near-peer mentoring community for increasing retention and diversity. The success has inspired an even broader vision for international glider missions, that of a gliderenabled global classroom to repeat the track of the HMS Challenger and its first scientific circumnavigation of the globe."""
0	"Glibetic, M., et al. (2011). Management of food composition database harmonized with EuroFIR criteria using a web application."" Journal of Food Composition and Analysis 24(4-5): 741-743."""	710	"Glibetic, M., et al. (2011). """"Management of food composition database harmonized with EuroFIR criteria using a web application."""" Journal of Food Composition and Analysis 24(4-5): 741-743."""""	" Web application represents a form of an innovative research tool for capacity development in food and nutrition that is otherwise not commonly exploited. A web application for food composition database (FCDB) management has been produced by the research team of the Institute for Medical Research (IMR) in Belgrade, Serbia. In this web application that was also used for development of Serbian FCDB, basic entity is food. Every food has information on names, component values, other identifiers and physical properties, standard food classifications and general food description (coded with Langual thesaurus). Related entities are recipes with all ingredients and retention factors, as well as sample information. In our previous research we identified the need for new national/regional FCDB in the Balkan region. Use of this web application in managing FCDB can provide new quality data harmonized with proposed EuroFIR guidelines. This will enable good communication and easy data interchange between different FCDBs in Europe. In addition, this web application can be a useful training tool for FCDB capacity development on national and/or regional levels and can promote knowledge, skills development and vision in food composition research, training and education. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""
0	"Glynn, L. G., et al. (2009). Research activity and capacity in primary healthcare: The REACH study: A survey."" Bmc Family Practice 10."""	711	"Glynn, L. G., et al. (2009). """"Research activity and capacity in primary healthcare: The REACH study: A survey."""" Bmc Family Practice 10."""""	" Background: Despite increased investment in primary care research and development (R&D), the level of engagement of primary healthcare professionals with research remains poor. The aim of this study is to assess the level of research activity and capacity for research among primary healthcare professionals in a health authority of over one million people in a mixed urban/rural setting in the West of Ireland. Methods: A questionnaire, incorporating the R+D Culture Index, was sent to primary healthcare professionals in the HSE Western Region. Baseline characteristics were analysed with the use of one-way ANOVA and Chi-square test and the dependence of R&D Culture Index score on all sixteen available covariates was examined using multiple regression and regression tree modelling. Results: There was a 54% response rate to the questionnaire. Primary healthcare professionals appeared to have an interest in and awareness of the importance of research in primary care but just 15% were found to be research active in this study. A more positive attitude towards an R&D culture was associated with having had previous research training, being currently involved in research and with not being a general practitioner (GP) (p < 0.001), but much variability in the R&D culture index score remained unexplained. Conclusion: Despite awareness of the importance of R&D in primary care and investment therein, primary healthcare professionals remain largely unengaged with the R&D process. This study highlights the issues that need to be addressed in order to encourage a shift towards a culture of R&D in primary care: lack of research training particularly in basic research skills and increased opportunities for research involvement. The use of the R&D Culture Index may enable groups to be identified that may be more research interested and can therefore be targeted in any future R&D strategy."""
0	"Gneezy, A., et al. (2012). Pay-what-you-want, identity, and self-signaling in markets."" PNAS Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 109(19): 7236-7240."""	712	"Gneezy, A., et al. (2012). """"Pay-what-you-want, identity, and self-signaling in markets."""" PNAS Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America 109(19): 7236-7240."""""	" We investigate the role of identity and self-image consideration under 'pay-what-you-want' pricing. Results from three field experiments show that often, when granted the opportunity to name the price of a product, fewer consumers choose to buy it than when the price is fixed and low. We show that this opt-out behavior is driven largely by individuals’ identity and self-image concerns  individuals feel bad when they pay less than the 'appropriate' price, causing them to pass on the opportunity to purchase the product altogether. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Gobert, J. D., et al. (2011). Examining the Relationship Between Students' Understanding of the Nature of Models and Conceptual Learning in Biology, Physics, and Chemistry."" International Journal of Science Education 33(5): 653-684."""	713	"Gobert, J. D., et al. (2011). """"Examining the Relationship Between Students' Understanding of the Nature of Models and Conceptual Learning in Biology, Physics, and Chemistry."""" International Journal of Science Education 33(5): 653-684."""""	" This research addresses high school students' understandings of the nature of models, and their interaction with model-based software in three science domains, namely, biology, physics, and chemistry. Data from 736 high school students' understandings of models were collected using the Students' Understanding of Models in Science (SUMS) survey as part of a large-scale, longitudinal study in the context of technology-based curricular units in each of the three science domains. The results of ANOVA and regression analyses showed that there were differences in students' pre-test understandings of models across the three domains, and that higher post-test scores were associated with having engaged in a greater number of curricular activities, but only in the chemistry domain. The analyses also showed that the relationships between the pre-test understanding of models subscales scores and post-test content knowledge varied across domains. Some implications are discussed with regard to how students' understanding of the nature of models can be promoted."""
0	Goble, A., et al. (2015). BUILDING A COHESIVE CURRICULUM TO PROMOTE PSYCHOLOGY MAJORS' SUCCESS IN RESEARCH METHODS AND STATISTICS COURSES. Infusing Undergraduate Research into Historically Black Colleges and Universities Curricula. J. McClinton, M. A. Melton, C. R. Jackson and K. Engerman. 17: 197-216.	714	Goble, A., et al. (2015). BUILDING A COHESIVE CURRICULUM TO PROMOTE PSYCHOLOGY MAJORS' SUCCESS IN RESEARCH METHODS AND STATISTICS COURSES. Infusing Undergraduate Research into Historically Black Colleges and Universities Curricula. J. McClinton, M. A. Melton, C. R. Jackson and K. Engerman. 17: 197-216.	" This chapter presents a case study of challenges to psychology majors' success in research methods and statistics courses at Bennett College, and a description and evaluation of measures taken to address these issues. In addition to changes to individual courses and the curriculum pattern, these measures include forming explicit linkages between courses and with relevant co-curricular activities to emphasize the centrality of research and quantitative skills to the psychology major. Particular emphasis is placed on infusing these changes into first-year psychology majors' experiences and coursework, in order to prepare and motivate students prior to their entry into a significantly revised and expanded sequence of corequisite research methods/statistics courses. These changes are discussed with regard to impact on student achievement in statistics and research methods courses, timely progress toward degree completion, and acceptance into graduate and professional programs. Current challenges, ongoing efforts, and plans for further improvement are also discussed."""
1	"Godin, E. A., et al. (2015). A Pharmacology-Based Enrichment Program for Undergraduates Promotes Interest in Science."" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 14(4)."""	715	"Godin, E. A., et al. (2015). """"A Pharmacology-Based Enrichment Program for Undergraduates Promotes Interest in Science."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 14(4)."""""	" There is a strong need to increase the number of undergraduate students who pursue careers in science to provide the ""fuel"""" that will power a science and technology-driven U.S. economy. Prior research suggests that both evidence-based teaching methods and early undergraduate research experiences may help to increase retention rates in the sciences. In this study, we examined the effect of a program that included 1) a Summer enrichment 2-wk minicourse and 2) an authentic Fall research course, both of which were designed specifically to support students' science motivation. Undergraduates who participated in the pharmacology-based enrichment program significantly improved their knowledge of basic biology and chemistry concepts""  reported high levels of science motivation  and were likely to major in a biological, chemical, or biomedical field. Additionally, program participants who decided to major in biology or chemistry were significantly more likely to choose a pharmacology concentration than those majoring in biology or chemistry who did not participate in the enrichment program. Thus, by supporting students' science motivation, we can increase the number of students who are interested in science and science careers."""
0	"Godoy-Ruiz, P., et al. (2016). Developing collaborative approaches to international research: Perspectives of new global health researchers."" Global Public Health: An International Journal for Research, Policy and Practice 11(3): 253-275."""	716	"Godoy-Ruiz, P., et al. (2016). """"Developing collaborative approaches to international research: Perspectives of new global health researchers."""" Global Public Health: An International Journal for Research, Policy and Practice 11(3): 253-275."""""	" Within a global context of growing health inequities, the fostering of partnerships and collaborative research have been promoted as playing a critical role in tackling health inequities and health system problems worldwide. Since 2004, the Canadian Coalition for Global Health Research (CCGHR) has facilitated annual Summer Institutes for new global health researchers aimed at strengthening global health research competencies and partnerships among participants. We sought to explore CCGHR Summer Institute alumni perspectives on the Summer Institute experience, particularly on the individual research pairings of Canadian and low- and middle-income countries researchers that have characterised the program. The results reveal that the Summer Institute offered an enriching learning opportunity for participants and worked to further their collaborative projects through providing dedicated one-on-one time with their international research partner, feedback from colleagues from around the world and mentorship by more senior researchers. Positive individual relationships among researchers, as well as the existence of institutional collaborations, employer and funding support, and agendas of local and national politicians were factors that have influenced the ongoing collaboration of partners. There is a need to more fully examine the interplay between individual and institutional-level collaborations, as well as their social and political contexts. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Godshalk, V. M. and C. M. Fender (2015). External and internal reasons for career plateauing: Relationships with work outcomes."" Group & Organization Management 40(4): 529-559."""	717	"Godshalk, V. M. and C. M. Fender (2015). """"External and internal reasons for career plateauing: Relationships with work outcomes."""" Group & Organization Management 40(4): 529-559."""""	" Career plateauing has received little attention in the literature of late, even when employees are retaining their positions longer with little likelihood for advancement or increased job responsibilities. Relationships between reasons for structural and content plateauing and work outcomes are investigated among professional accounting association members. Contributing to the literature, our findings confirm existence of external and internal plateauing reasons and various relationships with outcomes. External reasons for structural plateauing were negatively related to job and career satisfaction, while content plateauing for external reasons was negatively related to job involvement and work motivation. Structural plateauing for internal reasons lowered job involvement, but increased job and career satisfaction, as well as intention to stay. Job involvement and work motivation mediated relationships between several reasons and job satisfaction, career satisfaction, and intention to stay. Managerial implications and future research opportunities are noted. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Goins, G., et al. (2010). An Initiative to Broaden Diversity in Undergraduate Biomathematics Training."" CBE - Life Sciences Education 9(3): 241-247."""	718	"Goins, G., et al. (2010). """"An Initiative to Broaden Diversity in Undergraduate Biomathematics Training."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 9(3): 241-247."""""	" At North Carolina A&T State University (NCATSU), there was a critical need to better coordinate genuine research and classroom experiences for undergraduates early in their academic career. We describe the development and implementation of a faculty alliance across academic departments to increase biomathematics research opportunities for underrepresented minorities. Our faculty alliance is called the Integrative Biomathematical Learning and Empowerment Network for Diversity (iBLEND). The fundamental purpose of the iBLEND alliance was to inspire underrepresented minorities to pursue research careers by increasing the visibility of research conducted at the interface of mathematics and biology at NCATSU. Because of the many positive impacts, iBLEND gained significant buy-in from administration, faculty, and students by 1) working from the ground up with administration to promote campus-wide biomathematics research and training, 2) fostering associations between research and regular undergraduate academic courses, 3) creating and disseminating biomathematics teaching and learning modules, and 4) enhancing learning community support at the interface of mathematics and biology. Currently, iBLEND is viewed as a productive site for graduate schools to recruit underrepresented minority students having specific competencies related to mathematical biology. (Contains 8 tables.)"""
0	"Goldenberg, L. B., et al. (2014). Online Professional Development for High-School Biology Teachers: Effects on Teachers' and Students' Knowledge."" Journal of Technology and Teacher Education 22(3): 287-309."""	719	"Goldenberg, L. B., et al. (2014). """"Online Professional Development for High-School Biology Teachers: Effects on Teachers' and Students' Knowledge."""" Journal of Technology and Teacher Education 22(3): 287-309."""""	" One chronic challenge facing professional development providers is the need to convene and support groups of role-alike K-12 teachers who require similar kinds of discipline-and grade-level-specific training. Online courses have become an increasingly common way to meet this challenge. This article reports on a randomized control trial that tested the impact of one such course on teachers of high-school biology and their students. The course, Teaching High School Biology, sought to improve teachers' content knowledge, pedagogical knowledge, and knowledge of how to integrate digital media resources into their teaching. The course was developed by WGBH's Teachers' Domain and delivered by PBS TeacherLine. The study finds that teacher participation in the course had a significant impact on teacher knowledge but did not improve student outcomes. The authors note that the course sought to help teachers learn about inquiry-oriented teaching methods that are difficult to implement in ways that have a significant impact on student learning. Future research would benefit by attending to whether and how an online professional development course aligns with local curricula and policy priorities that shape participants' instruction."""
0	"Goldston, J. M., et al. (2013). A Psychometric Approach to the Development of a 5E Lesson Plan Scoring Instrument for Inquiry-Based Teaching."" Journal of Science Teacher Education 24(3): 527-551."""	720	"Goldston, J. M., et al. (2013). """"A Psychometric Approach to the Development of a 5E Lesson Plan Scoring Instrument for Inquiry-Based Teaching."""" Journal of Science Teacher Education 24(3): 527-551."""""	" This research centers on the psychometric examination of the structure of an instrument, known as the 5E Lesson Plan (5E ILPv2) rubric for inquiry-based teaching. The instrument is intended to measure an individual's skill in developing written 5E lesson plans for inquiry teaching. In stage one of the instrument's development, an exploratory factor analysis on a fifteen-item 5E ILP instrument revealed only three factor loadings instead of the expected five factors, which led to its subsequent revision. Modifications in the original instrument led to a revised 5E ILPv2 instrument comprised of twenty-one items. This instrument, like its precursor, has a scoring scale that ranges from zero to four points per item. Content validity of the 5E ILPv2 was determined through the expertise of a panel of science educators. Over the course of five semesters, three elementary science methods instructors in three different universities collected post lesson plan data from 224 pre-service teachers enrolled in their courses. Each instructor scored their students' post 5E inquiry lesson plans using the 5E ILPv2 instrument recording a score for each item on the instrument. A factor analysis with maximum likelihood extraction and promax oblique rotation provided evidence of construct validity for five factors and explained 85.5% of the variability in the total instrument. All items loaded with their theoretical factors exhibiting high ordinal alpha reliability estimates of 0.94, 0.99, 0.96, 0.97, and 0.95 for the ""engage,"""" """"explore,"""" """"explain,"""" """"elaborate,"""" and """"evaluate"""" subscales respectively. The total instrument reliability estimate was 0.98 indicating strong evidence of total scale reliability."""""
0	"Gonzalez-Padron, T. L., et al. (2010). Knowledge management and balanced scorecard outcomes: Exploring the importance of interpretation, learning and internationality."" British Journal of Management 21(4): 967-982."""	722	"Gonzalez-Padron, T. L., et al. (2010). """"Knowledge management and balanced scorecard outcomes: Exploring the importance of interpretation, learning and internationality."""" British Journal of Management 21(4): 967-982."""""	" The topics of shared interpretation, organizational learning and firm internationalization have been studied extensively. Though considered important factors that shape the international competitive landscape, research synthesizing these interrelated areas has been limited to date. We use the balanced scorecard as a framework for assessing how organizational learning and sensemaking influence actions relating to a global marketing strategy and subsequent financial performance. Using data from 169 multinational corporations, findings indicate that a specific set of knowledge activities is related to balanced scorecard outcomes (e.g. customer performance, innovation and learning performance, and internal process performance). The hypothesized importance of customer performance is confirmed as the only balanced scorecard outcome significantly related to financial performance. A post hoc analysis revealed further insights for future research opportunities. Overall, these results suggest that firms can improve their competitive position by emphasizing shared interpretation within the organization and including balanced scorecard elements when assessing performance. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Good, D. J. and C. M. McIntyre (2015). Use of journal clubs within senior capstone courses: Analysis of perceived gains in reviewing scientific literature."" Journal of Nutrition Education and Behavior 47(5): 477-479."""	723	"Good, D. J. and C. M. McIntyre (2015). """"Use of journal clubs within senior capstone courses: Analysis of perceived gains in reviewing scientific literature."""" Journal of Nutrition Education and Behavior 47(5): 477-479."""""	" The purpose of the study was to determine whether a journal club component could be incorporated into a senior capstone course and whether this format would be as beneficial as a standalone-type journal club class (usually 1 credit elective courses) or a summer undergraduate research program that included a journal club component when all 3 were assessed for perceived gains in critical thinking skills. A senior capstone class without a journal club component was used as a negative control for the study. the study results support the inclusion of a journal club in senior capstone courses, especially those like the ones tested in this study, which include a hypothesis-driven final research paper. Senior capstone courses are becoming more commonplace  however, the data indicate that not enough undergraduates are provided with training in critical thinking skills. This study provides a sound example of how a small change in a senior capstone course could yield significant gains in critical thinking ability, especially in the area of scientific literature review. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	Goode, J. (2011). RETHINKING TECHNOLOGY IN TEACHER EDUCATION: DEVELOPING THE KNOWLEDGE AND DISPOSITIONS OF CYBORG TEACHERS.	724	Goode, J. (2011). RETHINKING TECHNOLOGY IN TEACHER EDUCATION: DEVELOPING THE KNOWLEDGE AND DISPOSITIONS OF CYBORG TEACHERS.	" In response to the swift emergence of computers in schools, teacher preparatory programs have designed computer literacy courses to groom prospective teachers for 21(st) century schools. This chapter responds to this trend and argues that instead of focusing on the computer itself, preparatory programs should model instructional techniques and pedagogical deliberations that utilize new technologies for inquiry-based learning. These applications should be closely aligned with the ideological principles of quality teacher education including pedagogical content knowledge, understandings of cultural diversity, and reflective practices. Furthermore, the framework of educational technology in teacher education forwarded in this chapter suggests that in addition to knowledge about using technology for improved teaching and learning, prospective teachers should also wrestle with the sociocultural influence of new technologies on the institution of schooling. Only when prospective educators are able to connect issues of knowledge, power, identity, culture, and computing will they be prepared to enter classrooms as cyborg teachers."""
1	"Goodey, N. M. and C. P. Talgar (2016). Guided inquiry in a biochemistry laboratory course improves experimental design ability."" Chemistry Education Research and Practice 17(4): 1127-1144."""	725	"Goodey, N. M. and C. P. Talgar (2016). """"Guided inquiry in a biochemistry laboratory course improves experimental design ability."""" Chemistry Education Research and Practice 17(4): 1127-1144."""""	" Many biochemistry laboratory courses expose students to laboratory techniques through pre-determined experiments in which students follow stepwise protocols provided by the instructor. This approach fails to provide students with sufficient opportunities to practice experimental design and critical thinking. Ten inquiry modules were created for a one-semester undergraduate biochemistry laboratory course  these are freely available on the project website. A slightly modified version of the Experimental Design Ability Test (EDAT) was used to assess the impact of inquiry-based learning on student experimental design ability in four experimental (inquiry) and four control (cookbook) sections. EDAT is a published tool that has been validated for use in undergraduate populations. The results, measured by pre- and post-tests, showed a significant positive impact on the experimental design ability of students in sections that employed the inquiry approach, when compared to those in control sections that employed the cookbook approach. A follow-up conversation with students in a sequel course suggested that the inquiry-based approach also benefited students by promoting self-directed learning."""
0	"Goodman, I. S. (2011). Grant Development for Large Scale Research Proposals: An Overview and Case Study."" Journal of Research Administration 42(2): 78-86."""	726	"Goodman, I. S. (2011). """"Grant Development for Large Scale Research Proposals: An Overview and Case Study."""" Journal of Research Administration 42(2): 78-86."""""	" With some NIH pay lines running at or below the 10th percentile, and funding becoming scarce for large science grants, new approaches are necessary to secure large interdisciplinary grant awards. The UCSD Moores Cancer Center has developed a team approach, starting with the identification of a competitive opportunity and progressing to the designation of a project team of faculty and administrators through to the submission of a finely tuned product. An important aspect of this approach is that scientists and administrators are on an equal footing, bringing to the table unique skill sets and experience critical to the process. While every application will not be successful, the effort will not fail from an apparent absence of expertise, diligence, or awareness. Grant development will be a more critical area of research administration as competition for limited funds increases. (Contains 1 table and 1 figure.)"""
0	"Goodman, M. S., et al. (2012). Quantitative Assessment of Participant Knowledge and Evaluation of Participant Satisfaction in the CARES Training Program."" Progress in Community Health Partnerships-Research Education and Action 6(3): 361-368."""	727	"Goodman, M. S., et al. (2012). """"Quantitative Assessment of Participant Knowledge and Evaluation of Participant Satisfaction in the CARES Training Program."""" Progress in Community Health Partnerships-Research Education and Action 6(3): 361-368."""""	" Background: The purpose of the Community Alliance for Research Empowering Social change (CARES) training program was to (1) train community members on evidence-based public health, (2) increase their scientific literacy, and (3) develop the infrastructure for community-based participatory research (CBPR). Objectives: We assessed participant knowledge and evaluated participant satisfaction of the CARES training program to identify learning needs, obtain valuable feedback about the training, and ensure learning objectives were met through mutually beneficial CBPR approaches. Methods: A baseline assessment was administered before the first training session and a follow-up assessment and evaluation was administered after the final training session. At each training session a pretest was administered before the session and a posttest and evaluation were administered at the end of the session. After training session six, a mid-training evaluation was administered. We analyze results from quantitative questions on the assessments, pre- and post-tests, and evaluations. Results: CARES fellows knowledge increased at follow-up (75% of questions were answered correctly on average) compared with baseline (38% of questions were answered correctly on average) assessment  post-test scores were higher than pre-test scores in 9 out of 11 sessions. Fellows enjoyed the training and rated all sessions well on the evaluations. Conclusions: The CARES fellows training program was successful in participant satisfaction and increasing community knowledge of public health, CBPR, and research methodology. Engaging and training community members in evidence-based public health research can develop an infrastructure for community academic research partnerships."""
0	"Goodman, P. J., et al. (2016). Opportunities and challenges in incorporating ancillary studies into a cancer prevention randomized clinical trial."" Trials 17."""	728	"Goodman, P. J., et al. (2016). """"Opportunities and challenges in incorporating ancillary studies into a cancer prevention randomized clinical trial."""" Trials 17."""""	" Background: The Selenium and Vitamin E Cancer Prevention Trial (SELECT) was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, prostate cancer prevention study funded by the National Cancer Institute and conducted by SWOG (Southwest Oncology Group). A total of 35,533 men were assigned randomly to one of four treatment groups (vitamin E + placebo, selenium + placebo, vitamin E + selenium, placebo + placebo). At the time of the trial's development, NIH had invested substantial resources in evaluating the potential benefits of these antioxidants. To capitalize on the knowledge gained from following a large cohort of healthy, aging males on the effects of selenium and/or vitamin E, ancillary studies with other disease endpoints were solicited. Methods: Four ancillary studies were added. Each drew from the same population but had independent objectives and an endpoint other than prostate cancer. These studies fell into two categories: those prospectively enrolling and following participants (studies of Alzheimer's disease and respiratory function) and those requiring a retrospective medical record review after a reported event (cataracts/age-related macular degeneration and colorectal screening). An examination of the challenges and opportunities of adding ancillary studies is provided. The impact of the ancillary studies on adherence to SELECT was evaluated using a Cox proportional hazards model. Results: While the addition of ancillary studies appears to have improved participant adherence to the primary trial, this did not come without added complexity. Activation of the ancillary studies happened after the SELECT randomizations had begun resulting in accrual problems to some of the studies. Study site participation in the ancillary trials varied greatly and depended on the interest of the study site principal investigator. Procedures for each were integrated into the primary trial and all monitoring was done by the SELECT Data and Safety Monitoring Committee. The impact of the early closure of the primary trial was different for each of the ancillary trials. Conclusions: The ancillary studies allowed study sites to broaden the research opportunities for their participants. Their implementation was efficient because of the established infrastructure of the primary trial. Implementation of these ancillary trials took substantial planning and coordination but enriched the overall primary trial."""
0	"Goodnough, L. T. and M. F. Murphy (2016). How I train specialists in transfusion medicine."" Transfusion 56(12): 2923-2933."""	729	"Goodnough, L. T. and M. F. Murphy (2016). """"How I train specialists in transfusion medicine."""" Transfusion 56(12): 2923-2933."""""	" BACKGROUNDThe changing focus of transfusion medicine (TM) toward the hospital rather than the blood center and the involvement of TM specialists in a wide range of patient blood management and other specialist activities in the hospital, rather than just blood bank activities, means that the training of the transfusion specialists of the future should be under constant review. STUDY DESIGN AND METHODSWe provide overviews of the current training programs of the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education in the United States and the Joint Royal Colleges of Physicians Training Board in the United Kingdom, along with specific descriptions of our own training programs at Stanford and Oxford. RESULTSThe numbers of TM fellows in training annually in the United States and of those who attempt to attain board certification have increased substantially over the last 20 years, despite the profound reduction in blood utilization since 2009. These trends reflect increasing job and career opportunities in new activities, such as patient blood management at hospital-based transfusion services. This trend has been seen to a lesser extent in the United Kingdom, although the focus of TM is similarly switching to hospital-based transfusion services. CONCLUSIONBased on current trends, transfusion medicine is a growing and robust specialty in the United States but perhaps less so in the United Kingdom, increasingly with hospital-centered job opportunities for improving blood utilization and clinical outcomes. Establishing pediatric TM training programs and improving research training are further opportunities for training TM specialists."""
0	"Goodrich, K. M., et al. (2011). The Doctorate in Counselor Education."" International Journal for the Advancement of Counselling 33(3): 184-195."""	730	"Goodrich, K. M., et al. (2011). """"The Doctorate in Counselor Education."""" International Journal for the Advancement of Counselling 33(3): 184-195."""""	" The doctorate in Counselor Education and Supervision is the terminal degree in the field of counselor education within the U.S. The authors surveyed CACREP-accredited doctoral programs to assess department characteristics, clinical experience and credentials, research experience, and the admission, retention, and evaluation of students. Results indicated that the PhD was a preferable degree to other degree offerings. Programs were found to be diverse in their policies and procedures relating to admissions and retention, time to complete the program, and student expectations. International students and faculty representation was found to be sparse in CACREP-doctoral programs. Implications for future research and practice are offered."""
0	"Goodson, I. and R. D. Crick (2009). Curriculum as Narration: Tales from the Children of the Colonised."" Curriculum Journal 20(3): 225-236."""	731	"Goodson, I. and R. D. Crick (2009). """"Curriculum as Narration: Tales from the Children of the Colonised."""" Curriculum Journal 20(3): 225-236."""""	" This article will explore the centrality of narrative in both the process and the content of enquiry-based learning, as a formative process which does not predetermine either its starting point or its outcome. Rather, it takes as its starting point the agency and life narrative of the learner and builds from this to a formally assessed outcome. It will argue for the importance of what one of us has coined ""narrative learning"""" (Goodson 2006, 2009). The article will draw upon a research project in New South Wales in which this archaeological pedagogy and curriculum were studied and evaluated with, and by, a cohort of previously disengaged students. These students are from an Indigenous community devastated by dispossession and colonisation. Their stories and those of their mentors will be used to explain, expand and ground our argument. They demonstrate how the curriculum becomes a """"narratable pathway"""" towards the formation of identity and agency when """"knowing as storying"""" is valued, promoted and represented. Narratives provide and create space for """"pedagogic moments"""" in which people can connect with themselves, their own culture and tradition, their hopes and aspirations and ultimately with an intentional, mentored construction of knowledge which serves their personal and public trajectories. The article makes use of Bateson's three levels of learning and builds on concepts of learning how to learn, by linking this with the """"person"""" who is learning, their selfhood and agency, and their need for meaning-making and purpose as a foundation for engagement. (Contains 1 figure and 1 note.)"""""
0	"Goonatilake, R., et al. (2009). Faculty Perception of Undergraduate Research in NSF-Funded CSEMS Scholarship Programs."" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 10(3): 6."""	732	"Goonatilake, R., et al. (2009). """"Faculty Perception of Undergraduate Research in NSF-Funded CSEMS Scholarship Programs."""" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 10(3): 6."""""	" As in other educational programs, scholarship programs offer mentoring to the recipients. In order to cultivate the maximum benefit, each recipient needs to be guided and appropriately advised, first to achieve the goals of the program and secondly, to benefit themselves from the scholarship. The purpose of the article is to investigate this aspect of the program when mentoring has been established for the National Science Foundation (NSF)-funded Computer Science, Engineering or Mathematical Sciences (CSEMS) scholarship program. (Contains 5 figures.)"""
0	"Gopal, P. R. C. and J. Thakkar (2012). A review on supply chain performance measures and metrics: 2000-2011."" International Journal of Productivity and Performance Management 61(5): 518-547."""	733	"Gopal, P. R. C. and J. Thakkar (2012). """"A review on supply chain performance measures and metrics: 2000-2011."""" International Journal of Productivity and Performance Management 61(5): 518-547."""""	" Purpose: The paper reports a comprehensive review of supply chain performance measurement systems and raises a set of research issues leading to selected research questions. Design/methodology/approach: The articles which have been published in selected peer-reviewed international journals in the last ten years were collected by using databases Scopus and ISI Web of Knowledge. The articles were scrutinized based on authors’ perspective analysis (using supply chain measures and metrics, and enhancing supply chain performance as the key perspectives). The articles contributing significantly in the domain of supply chain measures and metrics were selected for final review and various issues were identified. Findings: The paper argues that, despite considerable evidence from the literature in supply chain performance measurement in recent years, there is a large scope for research to address the issues in supply chain performance measurement, including: characteristics of measures and metrics, benchmarking of measures, use of management practices, integration and partnership and socio-environmental relevance. Research implications/limitations: The insights deduced in the paper are primarily based on 28 articles selected for critical review and analysis in the domain of supply chain measures and metrics and hence should be interpreted only as key concerns in the area. Originality/value: The paper reports an evaluation of 28 key articles reported in the domain of supply chain performance measurement and indicates the research opportunities in the area. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Gordon, S. M. and J. L. Edwards (2012). Enhancing student research through a virtual participatory action research project: Student benefits and administrative challenges."" Action Research 10(2): 205-220."""	734	"Gordon, S. M. and J. L. Edwards (2012). """"Enhancing student research through a virtual participatory action research project: Student benefits and administrative challenges."""" Action Research 10(2): 205-220."""""	" Can graduate students in a distance learning environment gain meaningful research experience through a virtual participatory action research project? The answer is an emphatic ‘yes.’ The purpose of this article is twofold: to demonstrate how and to what extent graduate students can gain research experience through participation with alumni and faculty in an action research project, and to examine administrative issues arising from adhering to the democratic participatory action research process under virtual constraints. Project success is determined through documents produced by participants in the Faculty-Student Mentoring Project and from two focus group evaluations held via conference calls. The data demonstrated that the students and alumni increased their research skills, used their skills and knowledge in other courses and their dissertations, presented, and published. The university gained valuable information. The democratic participatory aspect of action research and the virtual environment created administrative challenges such as scheduling and workload issues. Recommendations include: screening volunteers to determine their levels of expertise and commitment  providing time for participants to get to know each other and the technology at the outset of the project  setting expectations for participation  sharing the project management  and anticipating more time for virtual than face-to-face research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Gorg, C., et al. (2014). Engaging Local Knowledge in Biodiversity Research: Experiences from Large Inter- and Transdisciplinary Projects."" Interdisciplinary Science Reviews 39(4): 323-341."""	735	"Gorg, C., et al. (2014). """"Engaging Local Knowledge in Biodiversity Research: Experiences from Large Inter- and Transdisciplinary Projects."""" Interdisciplinary Science Reviews 39(4): 323-341."""""	" The management of biodiversity represents a research topic that needs to involve not only several (sub-) disciplines from the natural sciences but, in particular, also the social sciences and humanities. Furthermore, over the last couple of years, the need for the integration of other kinds of knowledge (experience based or indigenous knowledge) is increasingly acknowledged. For instance, the incorporation of such knowledge is indispensable for place-based approaches to sustainable land management, which require that the specific ecological and social context is addressed. However, desirable as it may be, such an engagement of the holders of tacit knowledge is not easy to achieve. It demands reconciling well-established scientific procedural standards with the implicit or explicit criteria of relevance that apply in civil society a process that typically causes severe tensions and comes up against both habitual as well as institutional constraints. The difficulty of managing such tensions is amplified particularly in large integrated projects and represents a major challenge to project management. At the Helmholtz Centre for Environmental Research - UFZ, several integrated research projects have been conducted over the past years in which experience has been gained with these specific challenges. This paper presents some of the lessons learned from large integrated projects, with an emphasis on project design and management structure. At the centre of the present contribution are experiences gained in the coordination and management of LEGATO (LEGATO stands for Land-use intensity and Ecological EnGineering - Assessment Tools for risks and Opportunities in irrigated rice based production systems, see www.legato-project.net), an ongoing, large-scale, inter- and transdisciplinary research project dealing with the management of irrigated rice landscapes in Southeast Asia. In this project, local expertise on traditional production systems is absolutely crucial but needs to be integrated with natural and social science research to identify future-proof land management systems."""
0	"Gostev, M. and F. M. Weiss (2007). Firsthand Nature."" Science and Children 44(8): 48-51."""	736	"Gostev, M. and F. M. Weiss (2007). """"Firsthand Nature."""" Science and Children 44(8): 48-51."""""	" It's no secret that many school programs don't give children enough opportunity to explore the natural world--i.e., to ""mess about"""" and to have firsthand experience with nature and animals. Not so at the Muscota New School in New York City! This innovative public elementary school actively promotes inquiry-based learning and encourages teachers to use creative methods in the classroom to help children study the natural world around them. In this article, we share the experience of a teacher and her students over the course of two years (kindergarten and first grade) as they explored nature through direct observation of animals in the classroom, child-centered inquiry science, and school-sponsored field trips. As the years progressed, so did students' learning. Not only did students develop scientific literacy and communication skills, they also deepened their understanding of their environment. (Contains 2 figures.)"""""
0	"Goulding, D., et al. (2016). A cross-cultural research experience: Developing an appropriate methodology that respectfully incorporates both indigenous and non-indigenous knowledge systems."" Ethnic and Racial Studies 39(5): 783-801."""	737	"Goulding, D., et al. (2016). """"A cross-cultural research experience: Developing an appropriate methodology that respectfully incorporates both indigenous and non-indigenous knowledge systems."""" Ethnic and Racial Studies 39(5): 783-801."""""	" This paper engages with the methodology being used within a research project auditing concerns and aspirations in an impoverished Indigenous community in North West Australia. The community is in the heart of booming resource industries and it symbolizes the many challenges and opportunities for contemporary Australia. The paper advances the notion that social scientific research with Indigenous communities can be positioned not just as the result of consultation with the communities but as the authorized product of those communities. Although this adds to the complexity of the governing forces that impact on researchers, it also affords new possibilities for meaningful social change. If research starts with the proposition that social scientific research with Indigenous communities can be about what communities want to know, and finding out what they have to say, we may make more progress than by asking what needs to be done. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Gourtsoyiannis, N., et al. (2007). White paper of the European Society of Radiology (ESR) and the European Association of Nuclear Medicine (EANM) on multimodality imaging."" European Radiology 17(8): 1926-1930."""	738	"Gourtsoyiannis, N., et al. (2007). """"White paper of the European Society of Radiology (ESR) and the European Association of Nuclear Medicine (EANM) on multimodality imaging."""" European Radiology 17(8): 1926-1930."""""	" New multimodality imaging systems bring together anatomical and molecular information and require the competency and accreditation of individuals from both radiology and nuclear medicine. This paper sets out the positions and aspirations of the European Society of Radiology (ESR) and the European Association of Nuclear Medicine (EANM) working together on an equal and constructive basis for the future benefit of both specialties. ESR and EANM recognise the importance of coordinating working practices for multimodality imaging systems and that undertaking the radiology and nuclear medicine components of imaging with hybrid systems requires different skills. It is important to provide adequate and appropriate training in the two disciplines in order to offer a proper service to the patient using hybrid systems. Training models are proposed with the overall objective of providing opportunities for acquisition of special competency certification in multimodality imaging. Both organisations plan to develop common procedural guidelines and recognise the importance of coordinating the purchasing and management of hybrid systems to maximise the benefits to both specialties and to ensure appropriate reimbursement of these examinations. European multimodality imaging research is operating in a highly competitive environment. The coming years will decide whether European research in this area manages to defend its leading position or whether it falls behind research in other leading economies. Since research teams in the member states are not always sufficiently interconnected, more European input is necessary to create interdisciplinary bridges between research institutions in Europe and to stimulate excellence. ESR and EANM will work with the European Institute for Biomedical Imaging Research (EIBIR) to develop further research opportunities across Europe. European Union grant-funding bodies should allocate funds to joint research initiatives that encompass clinical research in diagnostic imaging in conjunction with research in mechanical and electronic engineering, informatics and biostatistics, and epidemiology."""
0	"Govender, M., et al. (2015). Clinical and neurobiological perspectives of empowering pediatric cancer patients using videogames."" Games for Health 4(5): 362-374."""	739	"Govender, M., et al. (2015). """"Clinical and neurobiological perspectives of empowering pediatric cancer patients using videogames."""" Games for Health 4(5): 362-374."""""	" Pediatric oncology patients often experience fatigue and physical and mental deconditioning during and following chemotherapy treatments, contributing to diminished quality of life. Patient empowerment is a core principle of patient-centered care and reflects one’s ability to positively affect his or her own health behavior and health status. Empowerment interventions may enhance patients’ internal locus of control, resilience, coping skills, and self-management of symptoms related to disease and therapy. Clinical and technological advancements in therapeutic videogames and mobile medical applications (mobile health) can facilitate delivery of the empowerment interventions for medical purposes. This review summarizes clinical strategies for empowering pediatric cancer patients, as well as their relationship with developing a 'fighting spirit' in physical and mental health. To better understand physiological aspects of empowerment and to elucidate videogame-based intervention strategies, brain neuronal circuits and neurotransmitters during stress, fear, and resilience are also discussed. Neuroimaging studies point to the role of the reward system pathways in resilience and empowerment in patients. Taken together, videogames and mobile health applications open translational research opportunities to develop and deliver empowerment interventions to pediatric cancer patients and also to those with other chronic diseases. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Goytia, C. N., et al. (2013). Community Capacity Building: A Collaborative Approach to Designing a Training and Education Model."" Progress in Community Health Partnerships-Research Education and Action 7(3): 291-297."""	740	"Goytia, C. N., et al. (2013). """"Community Capacity Building: A Collaborative Approach to Designing a Training and Education Model."""" Progress in Community Health Partnerships-Research Education and Action 7(3): 291-297."""""	" Background: Successful community academic research partnerships require building the capacity of both community-based organizations (CBOs) and academics to conduct collaborative research of mutual interest and benefit. Yet, information about the needs and goals of research-interested CBOs is lacking. Our partnership aimed to conduct a community research needs assessment and to use results to develop future capacity-building programs for CBOs. Methods: Based on our review of the literature, informal interviews with research-interested CBOs and community-engaged research groups locally and nationally, we developed a needs assessment survey. Key domains of this survey included history and experience with research collaboration, interest in specific research topics, and preference for learning format and structure. We trained community health workers (CHWs) to recruit senior leaders from CBOs in New York City (NYC) and encourage them to complete an on-line survey. Results: Fully 54% (33/61) of CBOs completed the needs assessment. Most (69%) reported involvement with research or evaluation in the last 2 years and 33% had some funding for research. Although 75% had collaborated with academic institutions in the past, 58% did not rate this experience well. The four areas respondents prioritized for skills building were program evaluation, developing needs assessments, building surveys, and understanding statistical analyses. They were less interested in learning to build collaborations with academics. Conclusions: A formal needs assessment of research training and educational needs of CBOs revealed that most had experience, albeit negative, with academic collaborations. CBO leaders wanted to build skills to conduct and analyze assessments and program evaluations. Our community academic partnership is using these findings to develop a research capacity-building course. Other partnerships should consider conducting such assessments to transform the capacity of CBOs to be active research partners and leaders."""
1	"Graff, E. R. (2012). Preserving Traditional Culture in the Cumberland Gap Region."" Journal of Appalachian Studies 18(1): 10."""	741	"Graff, E. R. (2012). """"Preserving Traditional Culture in the Cumberland Gap Region."""" Journal of Appalachian Studies 18(1): 10."""""	" In 2010, Lincoln Memorial University completed two cycles of an Appalachian College Association and University of North Carolina, Asheville (ACAUNCA) undergraduate research project partnership. The focus of the grant was incorporated into a class entitled Crafts to Culture. The primary mission of the course was to record and preserve the stories and work of craftspeople identified in Bell County, Kentucky  Claiborne County, Tennessee  and Lee County, Virginia. Students explored and analyzed traditional art from the Cumberland Gap region with an emphasis on family traditions, techniques, and the unique characteristics of each craft. An additional course objective was to give students practical skills in the areas of history, art, and communications. Three different academic disciplines were combined with independent goals as students worked together as a group. First, history students gained oral history experience--through interview preparation and practice, recording, transcription, and publications. Second, art students gained art experience by learning the craft traditions from an expert and by replicating a product using the learned technique. Third, broadcast communication students gained communications experience through audio and video recording, editing, and publishing. Teamwork was a byproduct of this project as all of the students needed to work together. This paper reports on an Undergraduate Research Grant Project advisor's mentoring experience."""
0	"Graham, J., et al. (2011). Mapping the moral domain."" Journal of Personality and Social Psychology 101(2): 366-385."""	742	"Graham, J., et al. (2011). """"Mapping the moral domain."""" Journal of Personality and Social Psychology 101(2): 366-385."""""	" The moral domain is broader than the empathy and justice concerns assessed by existing measures of moral competence, and it is not just a subset of the values assessed by value inventories. To fill the need for reliable and theoretically grounded measurement of the full range of moral concerns, we developed the Moral Foundations Questionnaire on the basis of a theoretical model of 5 universally available (but variably developed) sets of moral intuitions: Harm/Care, Fairness/Reciprocity, Ingroup/Loyalty, Authority/Respect, and Purity/Sanctity. We present evidence for the internal and external validity of the scale and the model, and in doing so we present new findings about morality: (a) Comparative model fitting of confirmatory factor analyses provides empirical justification for a 5-factor structure of moral concerns  (b) convergent/discriminant validity evidence suggests that moral concerns predict personality features and social group attitudes not previously considered morally relevant  and (c) we establish pragmatic validity of the measure in providing new knowledge and research opportunities concerning demographic and cultural differences in moral intuitions. These analyses provide evidence for the usefulness of Moral Foundations Theory in simultaneously increasing the scope and sharpening the resolution of psychological views of morality. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Granberry, P. J., et al. (2016). Developing Research and Community Literacies to Recruit Latino Researchers and Practitioners to Address Health Disparities."" Journal of Racial and Ethnic Health Disparities 3(1): 138-144."""	743	"Granberry, P. J., et al. (2016). """"Developing Research and Community Literacies to Recruit Latino Researchers and Practitioners to Address Health Disparities."""" Journal of Racial and Ethnic Health Disparities 3(1): 138-144."""""	" Engaging community residents and undergraduate Latino students in developing research and community literacies can expose both groups to resources needed to address health disparities. The bidirectional learning process described in this article developed these literacies through an ethnographic mapping fieldwork activity that used a learning-by-doing method in combination with reflection on the research experience. The active efforts of research team members to promote reflection on the research activities were integral for developing research and community literacies. Our findings suggest that, through participating in this field research activity, undergraduate students and community residents developed a better understanding of resources for addressing health disparities. Our research approach assisted community residents and undergraduate students by demystifying research, translating scientific and community knowledge, providing exposure to multiple literacies, and generating increased awareness of research as a tool for change among community residents and their organizations. The commitment of the community and university leadership to this pedagogical method can bring out the full potential of mentoring, both to contribute to the development of the next generation of Latino researchers and to assist community members in their efforts to address health disparities."""
0	"Grason, H., et al. (2012). Findings from an assessment of State Title V workforce development needs."" Maternal and Child Health Journal 16(1): 7-20."""	744	"Grason, H., et al. (2012). """"Findings from an assessment of State Title V workforce development needs."""" Maternal and Child Health Journal 16(1): 7-20."""""	" To describe results of a 2008 assessment of Title V workforce competencies and training needs at the state level, and examine preferences and barriers related to available education and training opportunities. A web-based survey was administered May through August, 2008 to Maternal and Child Health (MCH) and Children and Youth with Special Health Care Needs (CYSHCN) program leaders in all 50 states, and U.S. jurisdictions. Forty-nine MCH (96%) and 44 CYSHCN (86%) programs and four territories completed surveys. A major focus of the survey related to competencies in six core domains: Public Health/Title V Knowledge Base, Communication, Critical Thinking, Management Skills, Family Centered Care and Medical Home, and Leadership Development. The top training needs identified by state Title V programs fall into the global category of critical thinking, including skills in MCH data synthesis and translation, in program evaluation, and in systems thinking. The need to enhance personal rather than organizational leadership skills was emphasized. Blended learning approaches (graduate education), and national conferences with skills building workshops (continuing education) were identified as preferred training modalities. Barriers to training included lack of career opportunities, insufficient agency support, and inability to take leave (graduate education), and travel restrictions, release time limitations, costs, and limited geographic access (continuing education). Both the focus of training and preferred training modalities differed from previous MCH workforce survey findings. Given the changing needs expressed by state Title V leaders as well as their training preferences, it is important that current and future graduate education and continuing education approaches be better aligned to meet these needs and preferences. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Graves, S. M., et al. (2009). A Mentoring Model for Interactive Online Learning in Support of a Technology Innovation Challenge Grant."" Journal of Computing in Teacher Education 26(1): 5-16."""	745	"Graves, S. M., et al. (2009). """"A Mentoring Model for Interactive Online Learning in Support of a Technology Innovation Challenge Grant."""" Journal of Computing in Teacher Education 26(1): 5-16."""""	" The Lewis & Clark Rediscovery Project is a technology professional development program designed to help teachers restructure teaching and learning practices in the classroom, and to foster technology use in the schools. The 5-year program (extended into a 6th) was funded in 1999 with a grant from the U.S. Department of Education: Technology Innovation Challenge Grant. The Rediscovery Project's ""touchstones"""" include the historic record of challenges and encounters of Lewis and Clark and the Corps of Discovery on their epic expedition, community studies highlighting 200 years of change along the Lewis and Clark Trail, and the development of technology-infused inquiry in teaching and learning. The program immersed 51 lead participant K-12 teachers in eight states along the Lewis and Clark Trail in activities designed to increase technology efficacy and facilitate the infusion of inquiry-based learning projects into their own classrooms. The participants are Lewis & Clark Rediscovery Project fellows who were successfully mentored through online courses and in summer workshops. Fundamental to the success of the project was the development of a model to mentor teachers in the field and to help facilitate outreach and peer mentoring of technology infusion across many districts. We have included in this review a description of the major Rediscovery professional development model strategies and activities, as well as lessons learned and emerging trends and movements in interactive online teaching and learning. (Contains 2 tables and 2 figures.)"""""
0	"Grawitch, M. J., et al. (2010). Rethinking the work–life interface: It's not about balance, it's about resource allocation."" Applied Psychology: Health and Well-Being 2(2): 127-159."""	746	"Grawitch, M. J., et al. (2010). """"Rethinking the work–life interface: It's not about balance, it's about resource allocation."""" Applied Psychology: Health and Well-Being 2(2): 127-159."""""	" This article re‐conceptualises the framework surrounding work–life balance. Though previous research has focused primarily on the ways in which work life and non‐work life influence each other (mostly negatively), we present an alternative perspective that focuses on personal pursuits and the management of personal resources. We introduce a personal resource allocation (PRA) framework that treats all life demands—whether preferred or required—as forcing individuals to make choices about where, when, and how they expend their personal resources across the life domain. Building on self‐regulatory theories, such as control theory, self‐determination theory, and conservation of resources theory, we suggest ways in which effective personal resource allocation not only decreases negative outcomes (which has been the emphasis in work–life balance research), but also how effective personal resource allocation can actually contribute to positive outcomes. We conclude by providing some practical implications for individuals and organisations based on the PRA framework and suggest future research opportunities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
1	"Gray, C., et al. (2015). Known Structure, Unknown Function: An Inquiry-Based Undergraduate Biochemistry Laboratory Course."" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 43(4): 245-262."""	747	"Gray, C., et al. (2015). """"Known Structure, Unknown Function: An Inquiry-Based Undergraduate Biochemistry Laboratory Course."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 43(4): 245-262."""""	" Undergraduate biochemistry laboratory courses often do not provide students with an authentic research experience, particularly when the express purpose of the laboratory is purely instructional. However, an instructional laboratory course that is inquiry- and research-based could simultaneously impart scientific knowledge and foster a student's research expertise and confidence. We have developed a year-long undergraduate biochemistry laboratory curriculum wherein students determine, via experiment and computation, the function of a protein of known three-dimensional structure. The first half of the course is inquiry-based and modular in design "" students learn general biochemical techniques while gaining preparation for research experiments in the second semester. Having learned standard biochemical methods in the first semester, students independently pursue their own (original) research projects in the second semester. This new curriculum has yielded an improvement in student performance and confidence as assessed by various metrics. To disseminate teaching resources to students and instructors alike, a freely accessible """"Biochemistry Laboratory Education"""" resource is available at http://biochemlab.org."""""
0	"Gray, D., et al. (2009). Scallops, Schools and Scholars: Reflections on the Emergence of a Research-Oriented Learning Project."" Journal of Education for Teaching: International Research and Pedagogy 35(4): 425-440."""	748	"Gray, D., et al. (2009). """"Scallops, Schools and Scholars: Reflections on the Emergence of a Research-Oriented Learning Project."""" Journal of Education for Teaching: International Research and Pedagogy 35(4): 425-440."""""	" This article is based on the emergence of a small research group and its journey to enhance scholarly activity within a new school of education. While exploring a research-orientated learning project to determine what makes a beneficial school experience, the group comprising seven academics developed a way of working collaboratively. Narrative enquiry and hermeneutic analysis were used to develop descriptions and interpretations of the phenomenon from the perspective of the participants who in themselves were the researchers and also the researchers of the research process. Drawing on actor-network theory to explore the network of relationships, the pattern that emerged closely followed that described by Michel Callon in his study of the scallops of St Brieuc Bay. The analysis is presented and discussed to help understand the processes that contribute favourably to research capacity building in an academic institution. (Contains 1 table.)"""
0	"Gray, R. (2012). Review: Social networking research opportunities: The example of 'Netmums'."" Journal of Research in Nursing 17(2): 207-207."""	749	"Gray, R. (2012). """"Review: Social networking research opportunities: The example of 'Netmums'."""" Journal of Research in Nursing 17(2): 207-207."""""	" Comments on an article by Sally Russell (see record [rid]2012-07960-014[/rid]). The use of social media and Websites to improve health has been growing in importance in recent years with a proliferation of sites offering information, peer-support and the opportunity to share experiences, pictures and recommendations. In particular, the use of sites linked to pregnancy and parenting has led to women becoming more aware of alternative sources of information about pregnancy and the opportunity to form strong social bonds with other women at similar stages in pregnancy or facing the same problems. The author makes a compelling case for the use of data from networks like Netmums and gives some examples of how this had led to advances in knowledge. The kind of research opportunities arising from polling and on-line questionnaires are to be welcomed but bring their own problems. It is very difficult to know how representative respondents are of the wider Netmums community because the sample is usually only a small proportion of users. The use of Netmums to help recruit clinical trial participants is another interesting development and forms part of the move to conduct more clinical trials online. However, the problems in conducting such trials, especially ensuring participant retention, should not be underestimated. The development of mobile phone technology has meant that many women, particularly young women, now use their smartphones as their primary means of accessing social media sites. This seems to allow for even more versatility and innovation in research design with the potential to use downloadable apps both to deliver information and health interventions to assist with, for example, smoking cessation and diet during pregnancy and also to evaluate their effects. There are great opportunities for e-health and m-health interventions offering exciting times ahead for researchers. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
0	"Green, M., et al. (2009). Selection Criteria for Residency: Results of a National Program Directors Survey."" Academic Medicine 84(3): 362-367."""	750	"Green, M., et al. (2009). """"Selection Criteria for Residency: Results of a National Program Directors Survey."""" Academic Medicine 84(3): 362-367."""""	" Purpose To assess the relative importance of criteria used for residency selection in 21 medical specialties given current available data and competitiveness of specialties. Method In 2006, questionnaires were distributed to 2,528 program directors in university hospital or university-affiliated community hospital residency programs across 21 medical specialties. Responses were recorded using a five-point Likert scale of importance. Mean values for each item were calculated within and across all specialties. Mean scores for item responses were used to create rank orders of selection criteria within the specialties, To facilitate comparisons, specialties were grouped according to the percentages of positions filled with U.S. medical school graduates. Results The overall response rate was 49%. With the data from all specialties pooled, the top five selection criteria were (1) grades in required clerkships, (2) United States Medical Licensing Examination (USMLE) Step 1 score, (3) grades in senior electives in specialty, (4) number of honors grades, and (5) USMLE Step 2 Clinical Knowledge (CK) score. Conclusions The top academic selection criteria are based on clinical performance, with the exception of USMLE Step I score. Indicators that reflect excellence in clinical performance are valued across the specialties by residency program directors regardless of competitiveness within the specialty, USMLE Step 2 CK ranks higher in the less competitive specialties, whereas research experience is more prominent in the most competitive specialties. The Medical Student Performance Evaluation was ranked lowest of all criteria by the program directors."""
1	Greene-Clemons, C. and K. N. Daniels (2014). STRATEGIES FOR TRANSFORMING AND EXTENDING INQUIRY-BASED TEACHING AND LEARNING: PLACERS - A NEW MODEL FOR TRANSFORMATIVE ENGAGEMENT AND EDUCATOR COLLABORATION. Inquiry-Based Learning for Faculty and Institutional Development: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 1: 49-72.	751	Greene-Clemons, C. and K. N. Daniels (2014). STRATEGIES FOR TRANSFORMING AND EXTENDING INQUIRY-BASED TEACHING AND LEARNING: PLACERS - A NEW MODEL FOR TRANSFORMATIVE ENGAGEMENT AND EDUCATOR COLLABORATION. Inquiry-Based Learning for Faculty and Institutional Development: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 1: 49-72.	" Educators often stress the importance and value of interdisciplinary/cross-disciplinary measures that contribute to the holistic development of students through attention to experiential learning activities. However, collaborative approaches that reach outside or across disciplines are often overwhelming and time consuming for faculty to develop. Often, faculty would like to expand learning opportunities through collaborative approaches for their students to experience successful engagement although they may not have the ""know-how."""" This chapter provides a framework that can be used to develop both collaborative interdisciplinary/cross-disciplinary teaching and inquiry-based engagement. The authors developed the PLACERS model (Plan, Create, Engage, Reflect, and Share) in an effort to extend learning experiences in a preprofessional learning environment and to advocate collaboration. Implementing this model, along with a variety of inquiry-based activities produces opportunities for students to increase content knowledge, engagement, and critical thinking skills. Moreover, it provides a guide/schema for educators to delve into collaborative instruction. This chapter documents the process of interdisciplinary/cross-disciplinary collaboration between social science and professional practice faculty who developed transformational approaches to expand inquiry-based teaching through experiential learning. As a result of this collaboration, structured reflection strategies were developed which allowed students to: practice critical thinking and problem-solving skills, utilize 21st century technology, and increase content knowledge."""""
0	"Greenwald, R. R. and I. J. Quitadamo (2014). A mind of their own: Using inquiry-based teaching to build critical thinking skills and intellectual engagement in an undergraduate neuroanatomy course."" The Journal of Undergraduate Neuroscience Education 12(2): A100-A106."""	752	"Greenwald, R. R. and I. J. Quitadamo (2014). """"A mind of their own: Using inquiry-based teaching to build critical thinking skills and intellectual engagement in an undergraduate neuroanatomy course."""" The Journal of Undergraduate Neuroscience Education 12(2): A100-A106."""""	" A changing undergraduate demographic and the need to help students develop advanced critical thinking skills in neuroanatomy courses has prompted many faculty to consider new teaching methods including clinical case studies. This study compared primarily conventional and inquiry-based clinical case (IBCC) teaching methods to determine which would produce greater gains in critical thinking and content knowledge. Results showed students in the conventional neuroanatomy course gained less than 3 national percentile ranks while IBCC students gained over 7.5 within one academic term using the valid and reliable California Critical Thinking Skills Test. In addition to 2.5 times greater gains in critical thinking, IBCC teaching methods also produced 12% greater final exam performance and 11% higher grades using common grade performance benchmarks. Classroom observations also indicated that IBCC students were more intellectually engaged and participated to a greater extent in classroom discussions. Through the results of this study, it is hoped that faculty who teach neuroanatomy and desire greater critical thinking and content student learning outcomes will consider using the IBCC method. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		753	"Greenwood, M. (2016). """"Approving or Improving Research Ethics in Management Journals."""" Journal of Business Ethics 137(3): 507-520."""""	" Despite significant scholarly debate about knowledge production in the management discipline through the peer-review journal processes, there is minimal discussion about the ethical treatment of the research subject in these publication processes. In contrast, the ethical scrutiny of management research processes within research institutions is often highly formalized and very focused on the protection of research participants. Hence, the question arises of how management publication processes should best account for the interests of the research subject, both in the narrow sense of specific research participants and in the broader understanding of the subject of the research. This question is particularly pertinent in light of significant codification of research ethics within academic institutions, and increasing self-reflection within the management discipline about the ""good'' of management research and education. Findings from a survey and interviews with management journal editors (and others involved in journal publication) reveal a complex scenario""  many editors believe that a formalized requirement within the journal publication process may have detrimental outcomes and, in fact, diminish the ethical integrity of management scholarship. Building on these findings, this paper argues that ethical concern for the research subject merely in terms of institutional rule compliance and avoidance of harm to individual participants is insufficient, and calls for explicitly positive engagement with both the individual and the collective subject of management research should receive due ethical consideration. An alternative model involving reflexive ethical consideration of research subjects across the publication process-with implications for role of authors, reviewers, editors, and research subjectsis outlined."""
NaN		754	"Gregor, S. and A. R. Hevner (2013). """"POSITIONING AND PRESENTING DESIGN SCIENCE RESEARCH FOR MAXIMUM IMPACT."""" Mis Quarterly 37(2): 337-+."""""	" Design science research (DSR) has staked its rightful ground as an important and legitimate Information Systems (IS) research paradigm. We contend that DSR has yet to attain its full potential impact on the development and use of information systems due to gaps in the understanding and application of DSR concepts and methods. This essay aims to help researchers (1) appreciate the levels of artifact abstractions that may be DSR contributions, (2) identify appropriate ways of consuming and producing knowledge when they are preparing journal articles or other scholarly works, (3) understand and position the knowledge contributions of their research projects, and (4) structure a DSR article so that it emphasizes significant contributions to the knowledge base. Our focal contribution is the DSR knowledge contribution framework with two dimensions based on the existing state of knowledge in both the problem and solution domains for the research opportunity under study. In addition, we propose a DSR communication schema with similarities to more conventional publication patterns, but which substitutes the description of the DSR artifact in place of a traditional results section. We evaluate the DSR contribution framework and the DSR communication schema via examinations of DSR exemplar publications."""
NaN		755	"Gresty, K. A. and A. Edwards‐Jones (2012). """"Experiencing research‐informed teaching from the student perspective: Insights from developing an undergraduate e‐journal."""" British Journal of Educational Technology 43(1): 153-162."""""	" This paper reports the findings of a science e-journal initiative to publish undergraduate research and assesses student evaluations of this experience. Students in this (post-1992, non-research-intensive) institution overwhelmingly reported that research was a key feature of their course at the point of the e-journal introduction and that they were involved in research in a variety of ways (especially honours projects, lab work and fieldwork). Research-informed teaching from the student perspective involved two specific categories of pedagogic activities: things that students did and things that tutors did. Students largely understood research-informed teaching as an activity where tutors impart knowledge about their own and others’ research (a research-led approach). Yet, what students wanted was a more active involvement in the research process (research-oriented/research-based). The e-journal initiative enabled some students to acquire this additional experience and without great cost so could be adopted elsewhere. There is some debate about equality of access to research opportunities in higher education, and an e-journal has the potential to be more widely accessible than, for example, research apprenticeships (especially if students can be involved as reviewers and as active contributors via Web 2.0 technologies). However, there is still an element of elitism about selection for the publication process. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		756	"Griese, E. R., et al. (2016). """"A Research Experience for American Indian Undergraduates: Utilizing an Actor–Partner Interdependence Model to Examine the Student–Mentor Dyad."""" Journal of Diversity in Higher Education."""""	" The majority of research examining Undergraduate Research Experiences focuses singularly on student-reported outcomes, often overlooking assessment of the mentor role in student learning and outcomes after these experiences. The goal of the current study was to examine the student–mentor dyad at the beginning and end of a 10-week summer research experience for American Indian undergraduates utilizing a series of actor–partner interdependence models within SEM. Participants included 26 undergraduate interns (50% American Indian  50% American Indian and White  M age = 24) and 27 mentors (89% White  M age = 47). Findings indicated that in accounting for all potential paths between students and mentors, the partner path between mentor beliefs at the beginning of the program and students’ skills related to autonomy (β = .59, p = .01) and academic resilience (β = .44, p = .03) at the end of the program were significant. These findings suggest the important impact of mentor beliefs on student outcomes, a relationship that should be adequately assessed and continue to be important focus of undergraduate research experiences. Findings further indicate the important role of mentors for American Indian undergraduates. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		757	"Griffeth, N., et al. (2016). """"An Undergraduate Research Experience Studying Ras and Ras Mutants."""" IEEE Transactions on Education 59(2): 91-97."""""	" Each January from 2010 to 2014, an undergraduate workshop on modeling biological systems was held at Lehman College of the City University of New York. The workshops were funded by a National Science Foundation (NSF) Expedition in Computing, ""Computational Modeling and Analysis of Complex Systems (CMACS)."""" The primary goal was to encourage students, especially women and underrepresented minorities, to persist in a science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) career. A secondary goal was for the students to develop habits supporting collaborative, interdisciplinary work. To these ends, the workshop staff engaged the students in active learning, using discussions, teaming exercises, and research projects. The student research projects were small, carefully delimited parts of the NSF project's investigation of how to use computational modeling and analysis to improve understanding of pancreatic cancer and atrial fibrillation. Post-workshop surveys show that the students who participated were enthusiastic about the workshops and about working in STEM fields""  long-term follow-up of the students' careers found that 55 of the 61 college graduates (90%) had STEM jobs. The goal of this paper is to provide enough information, in conjunction with the workshop Web page, for other researchers to organize similar workshops. With this in mind, it describes the pedagogy, lists the lecture and exercise materials, and details the student research projects for 2014."""
NaN		758	"Grimes, P. and S. R. Steele (2008). """"Web-Based Surveys Facilitate Undergraduate Research and Knowledge."""" Journal of Economic Education 39(1): 41-49."""""	" The author presents Web-based surveying as a valuable tool for achieving quality undergraduate research in upper-level economics courses. Web-based surveys can be employed in efforts to integrate undergraduate research into the curriculum without overburdening students or faculty. The author discusses the value of undergraduate research, notes some of the challenges to achieving substantive undergraduate research, and describes the use of Web-based surveys in an environmental issues in public policy course. (Contains 8 notes.)"""
NaN		759	"Grindstaff, K. and G. Richmond (2008). """"Learners' Perceptions of the Role of Peers in a Research Experience: Implications for the Apprenticeship Process, Scientific Inquiry, and Collaborative Work."""" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 45(2): 251-271."""""	" This study investigates the interaction between four pairs of high school students in a 7-week national research apprenticeship program. Each student was interviewed about perceptions of experiences working with a peer in the same setting, and the resulting stories were analyzed. Through discourse analysis of the interviews and interrelated analyses of data from journals and responses on pre- and postprogram questionnaires, three types of support were identified that students experienced to varying degrees: social-emotional, social-technical, and social-cognitive. It is concluded that social-cognitive support is best engendered if there is sufficient similarity of problems and processes, and ample room for different results and debate about interpretation. Additionally, the culture and reward system students work within (i.e., classrooms) must encourage discussion of ideas and value an outsider's perspective, in recognition of the roles creativity, uncertainty, and ambiguity play in science. (Contains 1 figure.)"""
NaN		760	"Grisham, W., et al. (2016). """"Proposed Training to Meet Challenges of Large-Scale Data in Neuroscience."""" Frontiers in Neuroinformatics 10."""""	" The scale of data being produced in neuroscience at present and in the future creates new and unheralded challenges, outstripping conventional ways of handling, considering, and analyzing data. As neuroinformatics enters into this big data era, a need for a highly trained and perhaps unique workforce is emerging. To determine the staffing needs created by the impending era of big data, a workshop (iNeuro Project) was convened November 13-14, 2014. Participants included data resource providers, bioinformatics/analytics trainers, computer scientists, library scientists, and neuroscience educators. These individuals provided perspectives on the challenges of big data, the preparation of a workforce to meet these challenges, and the present state of training programs. Participants discussed whether suitable training programs will need to be constructed from scratch or if existing programs can serve as models. Currently, most programs at the undergraduate and graduate levels are located in Europe participants knew of none in the United States. The skill sets that training programs would need to provide as well as the curriculum necessary to teach them were also discussed. Consistent with Vision and Change in Undergraduate Biology Education: A Call to Actions, proposed curricula included authentic, hands-on research experiences. Further discussions revolved around the logistics and barriers to creating such programs. The full white paper, iNeuro Project Workshop Report, is available from iNeuro Project(2)."""
NaN		761	"Grober, E. D., et al. (2008). """"Fellow or foe: the impact of fellowship training programs on the education of Canadian urology residents."""" Cuaj-Canadian Urological Association Journal 2(1): 33-37."""""	" Objective: Throughout North America, increasing emphasis is being placed on surgical fellowships. Surgical educators and trainees have raised concerns that the escalating focus on fellowships may threaten the educational mission of more novice trainees. Our objective was to collect opinions from multiple perspectives (faculty, fellows and residents) regarding fellowship structure, fellow selection and the impact of clinical fellowships on urology resident training. Methods: we anonymously surveyed 52 members of a major academic urology training program (University of Toronto) with established fellowship training programs for their opinions regarding fellowship structure, fellow selection, and the impact on resident training and education. Results: The overall response rate was 88%. We identified significant differences of opinion among faculty, fellows and residents regarding fellowship structure, fellow selection and the impact on resident education. Specifically, faculty and fellows supported the addition of more fellows, felt that certain complex cases should be designated as ""fellow cases"""" and that residents' research opportunities were not restricted. Residents felt that fellows """"steal"""" operative cases, that performing operations with the fellow is not equivalent to performing operations with faculty alone and that fellowship candidates should perform an operation with division faculty as part of the application process. There was agreement that fellowship programs add value to residents' overall education, that fellows should participate in the call schedule and that fellows' role in the operating room needs to be better defined with respect to case volume and selection. Proficiency in technical skills, clinical knowledge, teaching and teamwork were cited as the most attractive characteristics of an effective clinical fellow. Conclusion: Residency and fellowship program directors must clearly define the role of the fellow and outline the limits of surgical practice, establish clear and consistent guidelines outlining responsibilities (operative, clinical and on-call), and open lines of communication to ensure that all opinions are recognized and addressed. Finally, they must select fellows with proficient technical skills, clinical knowledge, teaching ability and work ethic to ensure that they focus on """"specialized"""" training."""""
NaN		762	"Groover, A. and Q. Cronk (2013). """"FROM NEHEMIAH GREW TO GENOMICS: THE EMERGING FIELD OF EVO-DEVO RESEARCH FOR WOODY PLANTS."""" International Journal of Plant Sciences 174(7): 959-963."""""	" Wood has played a primary role in the evolution of land plants (Spicer and Groover 2010), but our understanding of the genes and mechanisms underlying wood evolution and development has been limited until recently. Importantly, many of the fundamental questions of woody plant evolution and development are now tractable using genomics and high-capacity sequencing technologies. A major challenge is to integrate the knowledge from traditional disciplines of woody plant research (e. g., anatomy, paleobotany, physiology, and developmental biology) with genomics and sequencing-based technologies. A synthetic field of research integrating these disciplines would be well positioned to make major advances in the basic biology of plants and to address applied goals such as providing optimal biofuels feedstocks or informing conservation strategies for forests in the face of climate change. This special issue of the International Journal of Plant Sciences highlights some of the research opportunities, including examples of fascinating evolutionary and developmental processes associated with woody plants and new genomics-based approaches for understanding them. Interestingly, many of the outstanding questions about the evolution and development of woody plants date to the beginnings of plant science."""
NaN		765	"Grossman, E. S. and N. J. Crowther (2015). """"Co-supervision in postgraduate training: Ensuring the right hand knows what the left hand is doing."""" South African Journal of Science 111(11-12): 104-111."""""	" South Africa is experiencing a steep rise in postgraduate candidature and a backlog in research training and supervision. Co-supervision is a means to address such challenges. This study investigated how co-supervision could effectively and efficiently be implemented within a Faculty of Health Sciences. Supervisors and postgraduates brainstormed co-supervisory practice to identify: (1) the reasons for co-supervision, (2) what co-supervisors should discuss to facilitate their interactions and (3) how best to initiate the novice supervisor into supervisory practice. Co-supervisors are formally appointed for different reasons and all co-supervisory activities should be directed towards meeting the purpose of that appointment. Points to consider in facilitating a co-supervisor memorandum of understanding and novice supervisor training were discussed. Our findings provide suggestions to develop accountable co-supervisory practices, enhance novice supervisor training and to design discipline-specific best practice policy at institutional level to enable a common understanding of co-supervisory roles and responsibilities. Threats to effective co-supervision identified were the implications of co-supervision in staff promotion, inequitable workload recognition and no official acknowledgement of informal supervisory activities. Unless these issues are addressed, the full potential of co-supervision will remain unrealised. Supervision pedagogy and research teaching is a sophisticated skill worthy of professionalisation."""
NaN		763	"Grossman, E. S. and P. E. Cleaton-Jones (2008). """"What becomes of dental research trainees once they leave the Dental Research Institute? An analysis over 53 years."""" European Journal of Dental Education 12(2): 69-74."""""	" The careers of 131 dental research trainees were followed (1954-2007) to establish whether and how they utilised their research training in keeping with clinical research workforce needs. The Dental Research Institute database was used to obtain trainee demographic, teaching and research outputs which were examined according to degree types: PhD (18)  MSc (55)  MDent (42) and dropout (16). Current careers show that 48% are in exclusive private practice and 15% in exclusive academia with further 15% practitioners having academic links via sessional teaching or research at a dental school. Most (63%) have remained in South Africa but emigration is high amongst the PhD and MSc groups. Forty-one per cent of the cohort is of age <= 55 years and 16% < 40 years old. The 131 trainees have published 2287 peer-reviewed journal papers over their careers: quantity of research output is skewed towards degree type (PhD) and individuals (10% trainees produced 65% of all publications). Recent trainees have little research experience prior to their training and a lower subsequent research output than earlier trainees. PhDs have participated in research for the greatest length of time (29.1 years). Academic teaching is heavily reliant on older and PhD trainees. It is proposed that a threshold of four publications be used to indicate minimum research skills and a period of formal academic teaching taken into account when advocating criteria to assess clinical research workforce requirements."""
NaN		764	Grossman, E. S. and P. E. Cleaton-Jones (2011). Pipelines or Pipe Dreams? PhD Production and Other Matters in a South African Dental Research Institute 1954-2006, Perspectives in Education. Faculty of Education, University of the Free State, Bloemfontein 9301, South Africa. Fax: +27-51-401-7044 e-mail: pie@ufs.ac.za Web site: http://search.sabinet.co.za/pie: 111-125.	" This retrospective study documents the Masters and PhD training of 131 Dental Research Institute (DRI) postgraduates (1954-2006) to establish demographics, throughput and research outcomes for future PhD pipeline strategies using the DRI database. Descriptive statistics show four degree-based groups of postgraduates: 18 PhDs  55 MScs  42 MDents and 16 dropouts. Postgraduate activity peaked in 1981. Pipeline conversion from Masters to PhD was below 20% with MScs more likely to embark on a PhD than MDents. Nearly half of all postgraduates had prior published research experience before embarking on the degree. Acquired skills were predominantly thesis publication, teaching and conference presentation. Higher degrees were done for personal betterment (40%), specialist training (34%) or academic betterment (20%). The DRI intellectual climate and 50-hour research techniques course contributed to the 87% postgraduate completion rate. There is no incentive for DRI clinical researchers to complete a PhD unless on an academic career path."""
NaN		766	"Grossman, E. S. and S. Naidoo (2009). """"Final-Year South African Dental Student Attitudes Toward a Research Component in the Curriculum."""" Journal of Dental Education 73(11): 1306-1312."""""	" South Africa has recently introduced a compulsory research component into the undergraduate dental curriculum. This study was undertaken to establish how the students experienced the research exercise and what outcomes could be determined. A questionnaire of thirteen open- and closed-ended questions was distributed to final-year students at all four South African dental schools. A response rate of 56 percent was achieved, with 127 completed questionnaires returned. Forty-four percent of students enjoyed the research, 34 percent would have liked to have done more research, and 92 percent regarded research as being important in dentistry. Open-ended questions revealed that time, topic, financial, and group work issues hindered students' research experiences. This is in common with dental undergraduates elsewhere. Positive outcomes related to acquaintance with scientific literature, desire for further study, support from their research supervisor, and acknowledgment of a constructive learning event. South African dental undergraduates may not like the research component, but this is not due to lack of enthusiasm on their part. It appears that both internal and external factors impacting the South African dental academic system are influencing their research experience and making it unattractive. These factors should be identified and addressed at the school level where it is possible to optimize student research training."""
NaN		767	"Grossniklaus, H. E. (2014). """"Retinoblastoma. Fifty Years of Progress. The LXXI Edward Jackson Memorial Lecture."""" American Journal of Ophthalmology 158(5): 875-891."""""	" PURPOSE: To review the progress made in understanding the genetie basis, molecular pathology, and treatment of retinoblastoma since the previous Jackson lecture on the topic was published 50 years ago. DESIGN: Perspective based on personal experience and the literature. METHODS: The literature regarding retinoblastoma was reviewed since 1963. Advances in understanding the biology and treatment of retinoblastoma provided context through the author's clinical, pathologic, and research experiences. RESULTS: Retinoblastoma was first identified in the 1500s and defined as a unique clinicopathologic entity in 1809. Until the mid-1900s, knowledge advanced sporadically, with technological developments of ophthalmoscopy and light microscopy, and with the introduction of surgical enucleation, chemotherapy, and radiation therapy. During the last 50 years, research and treatment have progressed at an unprecedented rate owing to innovations in molecular biology and the development of targeted therapies. During this time period, the retinoblastoma gene was discovered  techniques for genetic testing for retinoblastoma were developed  and plaque brachytherapy, chemoreduction, intra-arterial chemotherapy, and intraocular injections of chemotherapeutic agents were successfully introduced. CONCLUSIONS: Nearly all patients with retinoblastoma in developed countries can now be cured of their primary cancer-a remarkable achievement for a childhood cancer that once was uniformly fatal. Much of this success is owed to deciphering the role of the Rb gene, and the benefits of targeted therapies, such as chemoreduction with consolidation as well as intra-arterial and intravitreal chemotherapies. Going forward, the main challenge will be ensuring that access to care is available for all children, particularly those in developing countries. (C) 2014 by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""
NaN		768	"Grove, C. M., et al. (2009). """"Research Experiences for Teachers: Influences Related to Expectancy and Value of Changes to Practice in the American Classroom."""" Professional Development in Education 35(2): 247-260."""""	" This qualitative study examines one professional development program and how this experience affects teachers' thoughts about planning and science teaching practices specific to the elements focused on during the program. The program supports 13 American K-12 teachers, selected from across the nation, to spend six weeks with a mentor scientist in a nationally recognized science laboratory in the southeastern United States. The Research Experiences for Teachers program features are specifically designed to encourage reflective planning based on teachers' understanding of inquiry, experimental design, the nature of science, process skills and communication. Results of this study include teachers' increase in positive and accurate statements concerning implementing research-based science practices (e.g. inquiry-based learning) and one case study that demonstrates one teacher's Research Experiences for Teachers experience and changes made to her classroom practices after attending the program. (Contains 2 tables.)"""
NaN		769	"Guerin, C., et al. (2015). """"Why Start a Higher Degree by Research? An Exploratory Factor Analysis of Motivations to Undertake Doctoral Studies."""" Higher Education Research and Development 34(1): 89-104."""""	" Despite the increasing numbers of candidates embarking on higher degrees by research (HDRs, e.g., PhD, professional doctorate, practice-based doctorate), we still have limited knowledge about why they are choosing this path. What are the factors that motivate students to embark on research degrees? Given that many of those who succeed in completing their doctorates will not go into academic positions, the motivations for choosing to undertake a research degree may not match the experience or outcomes (and hence, perhaps, contribute to incompletion rates). This article investigates the motivations of students in all faculties embarking on HDRs at an Australian university. A survey of 405 students was subjected to a factor analysis. Five factors emerged: family and friends, intrinsic motivation, lecturer influence, research experience, and career progression."""
NaN		770	"Gugiu, M. R., et al. (2012). """"Utilizing Generalizability Theory to Investigate the Reliability of the Grades Assigned to Undergraduate Research Papers."""" Journal of MultiDisciplinary Evaluation 8(19): 26-40."""""	" Background: Educational researchers have long espoused the virtues of writing with regard to student cognitive skills. However, research on the reliability of the grades assigned to written papers reveals a high degree of contradiction, with some researchers concluding that the grades assigned are very reliable whereas others suggesting that they are so unreliable that random assignment of grades would have been almost as helpful. Purpose: The primary purpose of the study was to investigate the reliability of grades assigned to written reports. The secondary purpose was to illustrate the use of Generalizability Theory, specifically the fully-crossed two-facet model, for computing interrater reliability coefficients. Setting: The participants for this study were 29 undergraduate students enrolled in an introductory-level course on Political Behavior in Spring 2011 at a Midwest university. Intervention: Not applicable. Research Design: Students were randomly assigned to one of nine groups. Two-facet fully crossed G-study and D-study designs were used wherein two raters graded four assignments for 9 student groups--72 evaluations in total. The universe of admissible observations was deemed to be random for both raters and assignments, whereas the universe of generalization was deemed to be mixed (random for two raters but fixed for four assignments). Data Collection and Analysis: The semester-long project was assigned to groups consisting of an annotated bibliography, survey development, sampling design, and analysis and final report. Four grading rubrics were developed and utilized to evaluate the quality of each written report. Two-facet generalizability analyses were conducted to assess interrater reliability using software developed by one of the authors. Findings: This study found a very high interrater reliability coefficient (0.929) for only two raters who received no training in how to use the four grading rubrics. (Contains 2 tables, 2 figures and 7 footnotes.)"""
NaN		771	"Guilbert, D., et al. (2016). """"Understanding Student Engagement with Research: A Study of Pre-Service Teachers' Research Perceptions, Research Experience, and Motivation."""" Asia-Pacific Journal of Teacher Education 44(2): 172-187."""""	" This study reports on findings from a research project that investigated the extent to which pre-service teachers at a major metropolitan Australian university engage with research, and the factors that influence their level of engagement or disengagement. Results from survey responses (n = 235) and focus group interviews suggest that attitudes towards research are more positive among pre-service teachers who possess research experience and those who are intrinsically motivated with respect to their university studies. The article discusses the implications of these results for the effective organisation and promotion of research activities for pre-service teachers."""
NaN		772	"Guinn, J. E. (2011). """"Retention through Research: Sitting Bull College Builds STEM Program around Research Experiences."""" Tribal College Journal of American Indian Higher Education 22(4): 0."""""	" In 1996, faculty at Sitting Bull College (SBC, Fort Yates, North Dakota) developed its Environmental Science (ENS) Program, basing it on the scientific method and techniques students would need for employment in environmental technician positions with local and tribal agencies. Over the course of 15 years, this employment-based training evolved into research-based training that also requires all students in the Environmental Science Department to conduct and defend a full research project for graduation. This requirement was not only well received but has led to many unexpected benefits for the program. Research and presentations are a core part of the ENS Program and enhance a student's organization, professionalism, and critical thinking skills. SBC currently offers four distinct research programs that provide stipends to allow students the opportunity to conduct individual research projects. These include: (1) Semester Research Courses  (2) Summer Research Experience for Undergraduates (REU)  (3) Native Undergraduates Tropical Research Opportunities (NUTRO)  and (4) North Dakota Office of Experimental Program to Stimulate Competitive Research's Nurturing American Tribal Undergraduate Research and Education (EPSCoR's NATURE)."""
NaN		773	"Guinness, P. (2012). """"Research-Based Learning: Teaching Development through Fieldschools."""" Journal of Geography in Higher Education 36(3): 329-339."""""	" The challenge of bringing research-based learning to undergraduate development studies and anthropology students has led to convening a fieldschool in Indonesia. The fieldschool has been vital in introducing students to fieldwork methodology and in developing a deeper understanding of the relation of research data to development theory. In addition, students who participate in the fieldschool discover a whole new aspect to learning where an emotional and intellectual response to the field situation is required and they are challenged to consider the ethical issues raised in the course of their research. (Contains 2 notes.)"""
NaN		774	"Gum, A., et al. (2007). """"Evaluation of a summer research institute in behavioral health for undergraduate students."""" Journal of Behavioral Health Services & Research 34(2): 206-218."""""	" Because of the need for additional researchers in the interdisciplinary field of behavioral health services research, the Florida Mental Health Institute at the University of South Florida developed and pilot tested a summer research institute for undergraduate students. Participants completed a 6-week program in which they developed a research project with a mentor and participated in a research seminar. The long-term objectives of the program were to attract promising students to the field and encourage them to pursue careers in behavioral health services research  short-term goals of the program were to strengthen participants' research skills and knowledge, provide an intensive and enjoyable learning experience, and positively impact participants' intentions to pursue graduate education in behavioral health. These goals were evaluated using a pre-post design with 6-month follow-up. Findings suggested that short-term goals were met. Suggestions for future improvements and implementation at other research settings are discussed."""
NaN		775	"Gunawardena, C. N., et al. (2009). """"A Theoretical Framework for Building Online Communities of Practice with Social Networking Tools."""" Educational Media International 46(1): 3-16."""""	" This paper proposes a theoretical framework as a foundation for building online communities of practice when a suite of social networking applications referred to as collective intelligence tools are utilized to develop a product or solutions to a problem. Drawing on recent developments in Web 2.0 tools, research on communities of practice and relevant theories of learning, and the authors' own action research experience in collaborative knowledge creation utilizing Web 2.0 tools, this paper discusses a learning community's spiraling process as it moves from a given sociocultural context through discourse, action, reflection, and reorganization toward socially mediated metacognition. (Contains 1 figure and 2 tables.)"""
NaN		776	"Gunel, M. (2008). """"Critical Elements for the Science Teacher to Adopt a Student-Centered Approach: The Case of a Teacher in Transition."""" Teachers and Teaching: Theory and Practice 14(3): 209-224."""""	" Much research has been done and reform is suggested relating to teachers' implementation of student-oriented learning environments, yet research on the role, beliefs, pedagogy, and knowledge of teachers simultaneously in classroom environments has been minimal (Kyle, 1994, ""Journal of Research in Science Teaching"""", 31, 785-786). This case study reports on a teacher's perceptions, epistemology, and understandings of student-oriented learning environments during a large project in which teachers from Grades 7 to 11 implemented an interactive-constructivist approach in place of a traditional teacher-oriented approach. In-depth analysis of data revealed that the participant teacher's perspective of a student-centered science learning environment concerned the following: understanding of students' prior knowledge, the importance and challenges of questioning, the teacher's conceptual understanding of topics and unit preparation before and during the implementation, and the teacher's motivation and problems in moving toward such an environment. There was consistency between the emerging themes and the crucial components of Simon's Mathematics Teaching Cycle model, such as the teacher's conceptual and pedagogical knowledge, hypothetical learning trajectory, and the teacher's beliefs and teaching practice as argued by Haney, Czerniak, and Lumpe (1996, """"Journal of Research in Science Teaching"""", 33(9), 971-993) and van Driel, Beijaard, and Verloop (2001, """"Journal of Research in Science Teaching"""", 38(2), 137-158). Further, findings of this study would help teacher education and reform planners to conduct more comprehensive studies on teachers' perceptions about inquiry-based teaching over the course of several years of inservice and preservice programs. (Contains 1 figure and 1 note.)"""""
NaN		777	"Guner, G. A., et al. (2011). """"Special-Study Modules in a Problem-Based Learning Medical Curriculum: An Innovative Laboratory Research Practice Supporting Introduction to Research Methodology in the Undergraduate Curriculum."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 39(1): 47-55."""""	" We describe the organization of wet-lab special-study modules (SSMs) in the Central Research Laboratory of Dokuz Eylul Medical School, Izmir, Turkey with the aim of discussing the scientific, laboratory, and pedagogical aspects of this educational activity. A general introduction to the planning and functioning of these SSMs is given, along with specific examples. The wet-lab SSMs incorporate several innovative pedagogies: problem-based learning, research-based learning, practical laboratory education, team-based learning, and project-based learning. Oral and written evaluations show that the students find this activity rewarding. The wet-lab SSM model applied in the Research-Lab of Dokuz Eylul School of Medicine represents a format which is effective in training the students in research methodology, practical laboratory work, and independent learning. (Contains 5 tables and 5 figures.)"""
NaN		778	"Gupta, A., et al. (2011). """"You've got email! Does it really matter to process emails now or later?"""" Information Systems Frontiers 13(5): 637-653."""""	" Email consumes as much as a quarter of knowledge workers' time in organizations today. Almost a necessity for communication, email does interrupt a worker's other main tasks and ultimately leads to information overload. Though issues such as spam, email filtering and archiving have received much attention from industry and academia, the critical problem of the timing of email processing has not been studied much. It is common for many knowledge workers to check and respond to their email almost continuously. Though some emails may require very quick responses, checking emails almost continuously may lead to interruptions in regular knowledge work. Managing email processing can make a significant difference in an organization's productivity. Previous research on this topic suggests that perhaps the best way to minimize the effect of interruptions is to process email frequently for example, every 45 min. In this study, we focus on studying email response timing approaches to optimize the communication times and yet reduce the interruptive effects. We investigate previous recommendations by performing a two-phase study involving rigorous simulation experiments. Models were developed for identifying efficient and effective email processing policies by comparing various ways to reduce interruptions for different types of knowledge workers. In contrast to earlier research findings, results indicate that significant productivity improvements could be achieved through the use of some email processing policies while helping attain a balance between email response time and task completion time. Findings also suggest that the best policy may be to respond to email two to four times a day instead of every 45 min or continuously, as is common with many knowledge workers. We conclude by presenting many research opportunities for analytical and organizational IS researchers."""
NaN		779	"Gupta, R. and M. Gregg (2012). """"Appraisal of UK funding frameworks for energy research in housing."""" Building Research and Information 40(4): 446-460."""""	" The current UK research capacity and funding programmes in the field of energy use and energy demand reduction in existing housing are appraised. A satellite-hub model concept is proposed as an appropriate way forward. To set the scene, the complex nature and difficulty of the problem of achieving real energy reductions in housing is highlighted and research opportunities for current and forthcoming housing and energy policy measures are investigated. A range of recent and on-going research funding programmes managed by UK Research Councils, government departments and industry are appraised in the context of relevant policy measures and criteria that the authors consider to be essential for rapid and high-quality research in domestic energy reduction. Finally, the implementation of the concept of a satellite-hub model is explored through the structure and operation of a domestic energy use and retrofit research satellite-hub on a regional and national level. This provides an insight into a potential evolutionary change in the research of energy use and demand reduction in existing housing."""
NaN		780	"Gurman, A. S. and M. Burton (2014). """"INDIVIDUAL THERAPY FOR COUPLE PROBLEMS: PERSPECTIVES AND PITFALLS."""" Journal of Marital and Family Therapy 40(4): 470-483."""""	" Despite the demonstrated efficacy of conjoint couple therapy, many clients seeking help for couple problems ultimately find themselves in individual therapy for these concerns. Individual therapy for couple problems (ITCP) may evolve from a partner's refusal of conjoint therapy or from the treatment format preferences of either the client or therapist. Having acknowledged the role of partner refusals, we offer some perspectives about the idiosyncratic personal factors and professional background factors that may lead therapists to provide ITCP and discuss the significant pitfalls in its practice. We emphasize five central areas of concern in the ongoing practice of ITCP: structural constraints on change  therapist side-taking and the therapeutic alliance  inaccurate assessments based on individual client reports  therapeutic focus  and ethical issues relevant to both attending and nonattending partners. We conclude by urging that this very important but largely neglected topic be paid greater attention in psychotherapy research, training and continuing education."""
NaN		781	"Guron, M., et al. (2016). """"Incorporating Sustainability and Life Cycle Assessment into First-Year Inorganic Chemistry Major Laboratories."""" Journal of Chemical Education 93(4): 639-644."""""	" Although much of the scientific community concerns itself with ideas of a sustainable future, very little of this interest and motivation has reached the classroom experience of the average chemistry major, and therefore, it is imperative to expose students to these ideas early in their careers. The focus of most undergraduate chemistry curricula rests on the preparation of the next generation of researchers, ensuring that students are capable and effective in the laboratory. A majority of laboratory experiences focus on building basic technical skill sets for chemists. However, little time is spent ensuring that students are aware of the impacts of their research, as it pertains to chemical waste and the sustainability of research, in general. At Villanova, an existing first-year undergraduate inorganic chemistry laboratory course was modified to promote novel ideas in research with an emphasis on life-cycle thinking and analysis in terms of sustainability. Initial results are reported, as well as an outline of the novel aspects of the course."""
NaN		782	"Gurunathan, U., et al. (2016). """"Intentions and barriers to research activities among Australian and New Zealand anaesthetists: a survey."""" Anaesthesia and Intensive Care 44(1): 111-118."""""	" A voluntary, anonymous, cross-sectional online survey was conducted among 997 Fellows of the Australian and New Zealand College of Anaesthetists, using an electronic questionnaire. Details about their demographics, employment, research experience and barriers they had encountered, their perception about research and their future intentions to participate in research, were collected. The survey response rate was 24.6%. At the time of the survey, 29% of the survey respondents were involved in research. Respondents currently involved in research were more likely to be practising at a tertiary hospital, to have previously presented at conferences, to believe in the importance of research and to intend to undertake further research training (P <0.05). Time constraints were the most commonly cited reason for not currently performing research. Those who were involved in research spent about 6.3 more hours per week in public practice than those who were not (P=0.012) and had about 4.4 more hours per week of non-clinical time (P <0.001). In terms of barriers encountered during previous projects, 91% of the respondents cited methodological issues, which included complicated ethics approval processes, difficulty in coordinating teams or recruiting participants, non-compliant patients and difficulty in publishing. Sixty-three percent of those surveyed believed more exposure to research activities during training would increase the number of anaesthetists involved in research and scholarly activities. Through this survey, we have identified several areas that, if satisfactorily addressed, could enhance interest and participation in research amongst anaesthetists in Australia and New Zealand."""
NaN		783	"Guzzo, R. S. L., et al. (2015). """"Perspectives and challenges regarding Brazilian policies for research and postgraduate studies in psychology."""" Psicologia: Reflexão e Crítica 28(Suppl 1): 34-39."""""	" The National Association of Research and Postgraduate Studies in Psychology (ANPEPP) promotes exchange among researchers to develop and consolidate lines of research, through the discussion of action strategies and decisions that impact Brazilian scientific policy. Themes such as postgraduate research training, national production and the internationalization of knowledge have been the focus of ANPEPP’s biennial research and scientific exchange symposia, in forums on Ethics in Research, Scientific Policies and Internationalization. The Scientific Policy Committee (Comissão de Políticas Científicas—CPC) is responsible for each symposium, providing and discussing issues for future goals and plans. Themes identified by the CPC in recent biennia (2010/2012 and 2012/2014) relate to official documents on educational policies (National Education Plan—2010-2020  National Postgraduate Plan—2010/2020) and their impact on Brazilian postgraduate programs and the production of research in psychology. Recent themes include: encouraging models of scientific production  clarity of the profile of the researcher  and better conditions for the training of scientists for research, technology and innovation. Fulfillment of these actions is essential for the VI National Postgraduate Plan (VI PNPG in Portuguese) goals to take effect and change the research climate of the country. It will do so through improved monitoring of postgraduate programs, adjustment of training curricula for researchers, and internationalization activities. Formulation, development and evaluation of these policies could herald better prospects for a fair and qualitative growth in Brazilian psychology. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		784	"Györfi, O., et al. (2015). """"European junior neurologists perceive various shortcomings in current residency curricula."""" Acta Neurologica Scandinavica."""""	" Background Whether residency programs in Europe and neighboring countries appropriately prepare one for clinical practice is a matter of discussion. Aims of the study To assess perceived satisfaction and preparedness for clinical practice among residents and junior neurologists from Europe and neighboring countries. Material and methods We inquired about the level of satisfaction with the quality of teaching, rotations and research opportunities of their residency program with an anonymous paper‐based questionnaire. We assessed different aspects of practical training including clinical examination, diagnostic procedures, and patient management. Results The survey revealed limited satisfaction with the overall training (47%). The quality of teaching was frequently perceived as good or excellent (73%), whereas supervision for patient care and diagnostic procedures was rated as improvable. Discontent related often to poor proficiency for neurological emergencies, diagnostic considerations, and therapeutic decisions. Whether the working time directive introduced by the European Union (EU) affected patient care or resident education or residents' quality of life remained ambiguous. Conclusions This cross‐sectional survey disclosed shortcomings in current residency curricula. These concerned diagnostic and therapeutic procedures as well as practical skills, regardless of country, region, or institutional background. Initiatives aimed to harmonize postgraduate neurology training across Europe will need to consider these findings. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		794	"Häkkinen, P., et al. (2017). """"Preparing teacher-students for twenty-first-century learning practices (PREP 21): A framework for enhancing collaborative problem-solving and strategic learning skills."""" Teachers and Teaching: Theory and Practice 23(1): 25-41."""""	" With regard to the growing interest in developing teacher education to match the twenty-first-century skills, while many assumptions have been made, there has been less theoretical elaboration and empirical research on this topic. The aim of this article is to present our pedagogical framework for the twenty-first-century learning practices in teacher education. We will first review the current status of policy frameworks for the twenty-first-century learning skills. Based on our previous work and current understanding in the field of learning sciences, we will next elaborate the processes and strategies for collaborative problem-solving skills and strategic learning skills to specify current, rather general claims presented regarding the discussion on twenty-first-century skills. We will also provide concrete case examples facilitating strategic learning skills, collaborative problem-solving skills, and the skills to use information and communication technologies in contexts of our previous studies. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		785	"Haave, N. C. (2015). """"Survey of Biology Capstone Courses in American and Canadian Higher Education: Requirement, Content, and Skills."""" Bioscene: Journal of College Biology Teaching 41(2): 19-26."""""	" Capstone experiences have high educational impact with various approaches available for biology. However, no information exists regarding the pervasiveness of capstone courses in Canadian and American biology programs. This study surveyed the prevalence and character of biology capstone courses in the USA and Canada. The survey included a majority of public institutions offering primarily undergraduate programs. Seventy percent of American biology degree programs required a capstone course vs 27% of Canadian schools. Large and graduate institutions were less likely to require a capstone course. Medium-sized institutions were more likely to deliver their biology capstone course as a seminar, whereas small institutions were more likely to include an undergraduate research experience. Sixty percent provided some review of biology's conceptual foundations, but most capstone courses devote little time considering the history or philosophy of biology. Most schools included the development of students' writing, speaking, and thinking as learning objectives. Research skills were significantly less likely to be a learning objective. Although biological capstone courses may intend to integrate students' biological knowledge, educators also need to consider how that knowledge could be synthesized into students' entire education."""
NaN		786	"Hacioglu, G. and O. Gok (2013). """"MARKETING PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT: MARKETING METRICS IN TURKISH FIRMS."""" Journal of Business Economics and Management 14: S413-S432."""""	" This study explores which metrics are considered important in measuring marketing performance in Turkish firms. In addition, the study examines the effects of sectoral differences and market dynamism, and the relationship between the importance attached to metrics and firm performance. The data collected from a sample of 145 Turkish firms via a structured questionnaire derived from the literature reveals that the most importance is attached to consumers' attitudes metrics. Economic value added and customer lifetime value are the least important metrics in performance evaluation. No significant relationship occurs between the importance that executives attach to metrics and firm performance. Managerial implications and future research opportunities will be presented at the end. The study is, as far as is known, the first attempt at aiming to explore marketing metrics in Turkey, and one of a limited number of studies in emerging economies."""
NaN		787	"Hadge, L. (2012). """"A candidate's experience doing research during training."""" Journal of the American Psychoanalytic Association 60(5): 995-1013."""""	" A psychoanalytic candidate explores his experience of participating in a research project at his institute during his training. The candidate has been a member of Sabrina Cherry’s prospective study of psychoanalytic practice and professional development conducted at the Columbia University Center for Psychoanalytic Training and Research. While much as been written about candidacy from numerous perspectives, there is little in the literature about how being engaged in research affects a candidate’s overall training experience. In particular, attention is paid to understanding the benefits, synergies, conflicts, and tensions in combining research with such aspects of analytic training as the training analysis, control cases, supervision, classes, and institute life. A parallel is drawn between the listening and interpretive skills learned in order to practice analysis and the method of textual analysis employed in the research project. The author believes that his research training and the impact of the specific research topic have enriched and deepened his analytic training, while at the same time revealing certain anxieties in integrating research with the development of his analytic skills and identity. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		788	"Hadjichambis, A. C., et al. (2016). """"Investigating the Effectiveness of an Inquiry-Based Intervention on Human Reproduction in Relation to Students' Gender, Prior Knowledge and Motivation for Learning in Biology."""" Journal of Biological Education 50(3): 261-274."""""	" Despite the importance of understanding how the human reproductive system works, adolescents worldwide exhibit weak conceptual understanding, which leads to serious risks, such as unwanted pregnancies and sexually transmitted diseases. Studies focusing on the development and evaluation of inquiry-based learning interventions, promoting the knowledge of human reproduction, are very few. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness of an inquiry-based intervention on human reproduction in relation to students' gender, prior knowledge and motivation for learning in biology. Data collection methods included students' pre- and post-tests, evaluating students' conceptual understanding regarding human reproduction, and measurements of students' motivation employing the Motivational Learning Environment survey. The sample for the pre- and post-test conceptual understanding data included the whole population of the 7th graders in Cyprus (n = 6465). Students' motivation data were collected from a representative sample of the entire 7th graders population (n = 946 students). Statistical analyses indicated a statistically significant increase in students' conceptual understanding as well as in their motivation for learning in biology. However, students' gender, prior knowledge and initial motivation for learning in biology seemed to mediate the effectiveness of the inquiry-based intervention. All of these variables are deemed, therefore, as of great importance for the design, implementation and evaluation of biology teaching interventions."""
NaN		789	"Hadley, J., et al. (2008). """"Knowledge and beliefs concerning evidence-based practice amongst complementary and alternative medicine health care practitioners and allied health care professionals: A questionnaire survey."""" Bmc Complementary and Alternative Medicine 8."""""	" Background: Evidence-based practice (EBP) has become an important competency in many allied and complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) health care practitioners' professional standards of proficiency. Methods: To compliment an EBP course for allied health care professionals and CAM practitioners, we undertook a questionnaire survey to assess learning needs. We developed a questionnaire to measure allied health care professionals and CAM practitioners' basic knowledge, skills and beliefs concerning the main principles of EBP. The questionnaires were administered to all attendees of one-day EBP workshops. Results: During 2004-5 we surveyed 193 allied health care professionals and CAM practitioners who attended one-day EBP courses prior to commencement of teaching. Of the respondents 121 (62.7%) were allied health care professionals and 65 (33.7%) practitioners stated that they work in the CAM field Our survey found that the majority of the respondents had not previously attended a literature appraisal skills workshop (87.3%) or received formal training in research methods (69.9%), epidemiology (91.2%) or statistics (80.8%). Furthermore, 67.1% of practitioners specified that they felt that they had not had adequate training in EBM and they identified that they needed more training and education in the principles of EBM (86.7%). Differences in knowledge and beliefs concerning EBP amongst allied and CAM practitioners were found and length of time since qualification was also found to be an important factor in practitioner's beliefs. More CAM practitioners compared to allied health professionals accessed educational literature via the Internet (95.3% v 68.1%, p = 0.008). Whilst, practitioners with more than 11 years experience felt that original research papers were far more confusing (p = 0.02) than their less experienced colleagues. Conclusion: The results demonstrate that practitioner's learning needs do vary according to the type of profession, time since graduation and prior research experience. Our survey findings are exploratory and will benefit from further replication, however, we do believe that they warrant consideration by allied health care and CAM tutors and trainers when planning EBP teaching curricula as it is important to tailor teaching to meet the needs of specific subgroups of trainees to ensure that specific learning needs are met."""
NaN		790	"Haeger, H. and C. Fresquez (2016). """"Mentoring for Inclusion: The Impact of Mentoring on Undergraduate Researchers in the Sciences."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 15(3)."""""	" Increasing inclusion of underrepresented minority and first-generation students in mentored research experiences both increases diversity in the life sciences research community and prepares students for successful careers in these fields. However, analyses of the impact of mentoring approaches on specific student gains are limited. This study addresses the impact of mentoring strategies within research experiences on broadening access to the life sciences by examining both how these experiences impacted student success and how the quality of mentorship affected the development of research and academic skills for a diverse population of students at a public, minority-serving institution. Institutional data on student grades and graduation rates (n = 348) along with postresearch experience surveys (n = 138) found that students mentored in research had significantly higher cumulative grade point averages and similar graduation rates as a matched set of peers. Examination of the relationships between student-reported gains and mentoring strategies demonstrated that socioemotional and culturally relevant mentoring impacted student development during mentored research experiences. Additionally, extended engagement in research yielded significantly higher development of research-related skills and level of independence in research. Recommendations are provided for using mentoring to support traditionally underrepresented students in the sciences."""
NaN		791	"Hage, S. M., et al. (2007). """"Best Practice Guidelines on Prevention Practice, Research, Training, and Social Advocacy for Psychologists."""" Counseling Psychologist 35(4): 493-566."""""	" Preventive interventions have been shown to successfully aid the development of children, youths, and adults and avert maladjustment in individuals at risk for negative outcomes. Continued scientific advancement of preventive interventions is crucial to further the health of U.S. children, youths, and families. This article presents 15 best practice guidelines on prevention practice, research, training, and social advocacy for psychology. These guidelines articulate clear standards and a framework for moving the profession toward improving the well-being of a greater number of individuals and communities. The guidelines are intended to assist psychologists in evaluating their preparation for engaging in prevention work and in furthering their understanding through increased knowledge, skills, and experience in prevention. (Contains 2 tables.)"""
NaN		792	"Haines, R. S., et al. (2009). """"Self-Cleaning Surfaces: A Third-Year Undergraduate Research Project."""" Journal of Chemical Education 86(3): 365-367."""""	" Superhydrophobic (non water-wettable) surfaces can possess the ability to self-clean (the so-called ""lotus effect""""). The task of devising the apparatus and method for quantifying this self-cleaning effect was offered as a project in a third-year undergraduate laboratory course. Using commonly available equipment the students devised a protocol for measuring the self-cleaning ability of surfaces and related this to the contact angle and hysteresis of the surfaces. As well as gaining experience with measuring surface properties the students developed professional skills as they planned, carried out, and presented their research. The project is open-ended and adaptable to suit available equipment and surfaces. (Contains 4 figures.)"""""
NaN		793	"Hajdarpasic, A., et al. (2015). """"The Contribution of Academics' Engagement in Research to Undergraduate Education."""" Studies in Higher Education 40(4): 644-657."""""	" Can current trends to develop teaching-only academic positions be reconciled with the notion of the interrelationship of teaching and research as a defining characteristic of universities? In particular, what does academics' engagement in research add to students' learning? A study of 200 undergraduates' perceptions of the role of staff research in their university education is presented to contribute towards answering these important questions. The data, which include a large number of qualitative responses, show that students believe that academics' engagement in research deepens student understanding, increases enthusiasm for learning and teaching, encourages postgraduate study, develops skills useful for employment and enhances undergraduate research activities. The article argues that academics' engagement with research is a key contributor to making higher education ""higher"""" and effectively increases the value of education to the student."""""
NaN		795	"Hakverdi-Can, M. and D. Sonmez (2012). """"Learning How to Design a Technology Supported Inquiry-Based Learning Environment."""" Science Education International 23(4): 338-352."""""	" This paper describes a study focusing on pre-service teachers' experience of learning how to design a technology supported inquiry-based learning environment using the Internet. As part of their elective course, pre-service science teachers were asked to develop a WebQuest environment targeting middle school students. A WebQuest is an inquiry-oriented lesson format in which most or all the information with which learners work comes from the Internet. The study examined participants' experiences and reflections. Qualitative research methodology was used to analyze the collected data. The findings of this study showed that WebQuest is an effective teaching tool and that participating pre-service teachers had a positive experience of developing it as part of their study. This experience positively affected their content knowledge and understanding of technology supported inquiry learning environments, allowing them to learn how to create an inquiry based and technology supported lesson. All participants indicated their intention to use WebQuest in their future teaching practices. (Contains 1 table and 4 figures.)"""
NaN		798	"Halberstadt, A. G. and A. E. Parker (2007). """"Function, structure, and process as independent dimensions in research on emotion."""" Clinical Psychology: Science and Practice 14(4): 402-406."""""	" Comments on an article by Zeman, Klimes-Dougan, Cassano, and Adrian (see record [rid]2007-17962-007[/rid]). Several conceptual points regarding the measurement of emotion in developing individuals are considered: (a) questions should guide measurement rather than vice versa, (b) divergent outcomes across multiple measures are informative rather than worrisome, (c) measures can assess multiple dimensions of emotion (structure and function), (d) emotions are dynamic processes occurring within changing individuals in changing relationships, (e) emotions and emotional regulation are inextricably interwoven, (f) the affective social competence model allows for the study of dynamic aspects of emotion competence in dynamic ways, within relationships, and across diverse cultures, and (g) the study of emotional competence is useful for interventions with clinical populations. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		797	"Halberstadt, A. G., et al. (2013). """"Development and validation of the Parents’ Beliefs About Children’s Emotions Questionnaire."""" Psychological Assessment 25(4): 1195-1210."""""	" Parents’ beliefs about children’s emotions comprise an important aspect of parental emotion socialization and may relate to children’s mental health and well-being. Thus, the goal of this study was to develop the multifaceted Parents’ Beliefs About Children’s Emotions (PBACE) questionnaire. Central to our work was inclusion of multiple ethnic groups throughout the questionnaire development process, from initial item creation through assessment of measurement invariance and validity. Participants included 1,080 African American, European American, and Lumbee American Indian parents of 4- to 10-year-old children who completed the initial item pool for the PBACE. Exploratory factor analyses were conducted with 720 of these parents to identify factor structure and reduce items. Confirmatory factor analysis was then conducted with a holdout sample of 360 parents to evaluate model fit and assess measurement invariance across ethnicity and across parent gender. Finally, validity of the PBACE scales was assessed via correlations with measures of parental emotional expressivity and reactions to children’s emotions. The PBACE is composed of 33 items in 7 scales. All scales generally demonstrated measurement invariance across ethnic groups and parent gender, thereby allowing interpretations of differences across these ethnic groups and between mothers and fathers as true differences rather than by-products of measurement variance. Initial evidence of discriminant and construct validity for the scale interpretations was also obtained. Results suggest that the PBACE will be useful for researchers interested in emotion-related socialization processes in diverse ethnic groups and their impact on children’s socioemotional outcomes and well-being. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		796	"Halberstadt, A. G., et al. (2015). """"Anger in families: Individual and dyadic contributions."""" Journal of Social and Personal Relationships 32(6): 810-828."""""	" We addressed three questions about anger in the family, including the derivation of anger, the presence of anger contagion, and the degree to which family members share perceptions about anger in the family. Seventh-grade children, mothers, and fathers independently reported on the frequency and intensity of anger in six family relationships (child to mother, mother to child, child to father, father to child, mother to father, and father to mother). Analyses based on the social relations model revealed that family members share the belief that anger in the family is the result of individuals’ own styles of anger and, to a lesser degree, is created within unique relationships. Family members also recognized emotion contagion effects across all familial relationships. Overall, children, mothers, and fathers seemed to share perceptions about anger in the family with one exception. Implications for further research and family relationships are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		799	"Halcomb, E. J. and K. Peters (2009). """"Nursing student feedback on undergraduate research education: Implications for teaching and learning."""" Contemporary Nurse 33(1): 59-68."""""	" Teaching research to undergraduate students presents many challenges to nurse academics. Yet facilitating students to develop skills in critically analysing and interpreting research is vital if we are to achieve evidence-based nursing practice. This paper explores student feedback from a research unit undertaken by Australian undergraduate nurses in order to highlight the challenges for academia trying to engage students in this material. Three hundred and sixty nine (83.5%) second year nursing students provided qualitative and quantitative feedback at the completion of a research unit using a standardised student feedback form. From a combination of the qualitative and quantitative feedback, the most positive aspects of the unit were the teaching staff, the group work and interaction in the class room and the online assessment item. Participants were least satisfied with the way in which the unit was presented, the written assessment items and assessment feedback and the perceived relevance of the unit. The implications of these findings are discussed in the context of the theoretical underpinnings of adult learning and teaching in the development of future course materials. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		800	"Hall, G. C. N. and C. B. Allard (2009). """"Application to graduate psychology programs by undergraduate students of color: The impact of a research training program."""" Cultural Diversity and Ethnic Minority Psychology 15(3): 223-229."""""	" The top 86 students were selected from a pool of approximately 400 applicants to a summer clinical psychology research training program for undergraduate students of color. Forty-three of the students were randomly assigned to 1 of 2 clinical psychology research training programs, and 43 were randomly assigned to a control condition without training. The multicultural version of the training program emphasized the cultural context of psychology in all areas of training, whereas cultural context was de-emphasized in the monocultural version of the program. Although the cultural content of the 2 training programs was effectively manipulated as indicated by a fidelity check by an outside expert, there were no significant differences between the effects of the 2 programs on the outcomes measured in this study. The primary differences in this study were between students who did versus those who did not participate in a training program. Sixty-five percent of the students who completed the multicultural training program applied to graduate schools in psychology, compared with 47% of those who completed the monocultural training program, and 31% of those in the control group. Participation in summer research training programs also increased self-perceptions of multicultural competence. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		801	"Hall, K. L., et al. (2012). """"Advancing collaborative research with 2-1-1 to reduce health disparities: Challenges, opportunities, and recommendations."""" American Journal of Preventive Medicine 43(6, Suppl 5): S518-S528."""""	" The papers in this supplement to the American Journal of Preventive Medicine bring together an emerging body of research conducted in the context of the 2-1-1 system and highlight the exciting opportunities for collaborations between researchers and these systems. This foundation is drawn on to outline a path for moving forward to systematically and strategically realize this potential. The development and delivery of 2-1-1 services can be enhanced through a better understanding of callers’ risk factors and barriers to accessing needed services. Therefore, we propose to leverage 2-1-1 systems to study basic individual and social factors that influence both health behaviors and the effectiveness of interventions to address health disparities among 2-1-1 callers. This basic knowledge makes it easier to develop and evaluate targeted, tailored, and multilevel interventions to meet the needs of the 2-1-1 callers. Then, issues of reach, sustainability, and implementation of these interventions are addressed to ensure that they continue to produce health benefits for 2-1-1 callers and can be scaled up and integrated into the larger 2-1-1 system. This commentary expands on these proposed areas for enhancing the utility of 2-1-1 systems and realizing research opportunities. The conclusion offers recommendations for how to facilitate these exciting possibilities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		802	"Hall, M. L. and D. Vardar-Ulu (2014). """"An Inquiry-Based Biochemistry Laboratory Structure Emphasizing Competency in the Scientific Process: A Guided Approach with an Electronic Notebook Format."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 42(1): 58-67."""""	" The laboratory setting is an exciting and gratifying place to teach because you can actively engage the students in the learning process through hands-on activities  it is a dynamic environment amenable to collaborative work, critical thinking, problem-solving and discovery. The guided inquiry-based approach described here guides the students through their laboratory work at a steady pace that encourages them to focus on quality observations, careful data collection and thought processes surrounding the chemistry involved. It motivates students to work in a collaborative manner with frequent opportunities for feedback, reflection, and modification of their ideas. Each laboratory activity has four stages to keep the students' efforts on track: pre-lab work, an in-lab discussion, in-lab work, and a post-lab assignment. Students are guided at each stage by an instructor created template that directs their learning while giving them the opportunity and flexibility to explore new information, ideas, and questions. These templates are easily transferred into an electronic journal (termed the E-notebook) and form the basic structural framework of the final lab reports the students submit electronically, via a learning management system. The guided-inquiry based approach presented here uses a single laboratory activity for undergraduate Introductory Biochemistry as an example. After implementation of this guided learning approach student surveys reported a higher level of course satisfaction and there was a statistically significant improvement in the quality of the student work. Therefore we firmly believe the described format to be highly effective in promoting student learning and engagement. (c) 2013 by The International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, 42(1):58-67, 2014."""
NaN		803	"Hallinger, P. (2011). """"Developing a Knowledge Base for Educational Leadership and Management in East Asia."""" School Leadership & Management 31(4): 305-320."""""	" The role of school leadership in educational reform has reached the status of a truism, and led to major changes in school leader recruitment, selection, training and appraisal. While similar policy trends are evident in East Asia, the empirical knowledge base underlying these measures is distorted and lacking in validation. This paper begins by offering evidence in support of this assertion. Then it examines the process of knowledge production as it has unfolded in Western academic contexts. Finally, it assesses the context in East Asia and offers recommendations for accelerating the development of a regionally valid knowledge base. (Contains 5 notes and 1 table.)"""
NaN		804	"Hambrick, J. P., et al. (2009). """"From theory to practice: Facing ethical challenges as a clinical intern."""" Cognitive and Behavioral Practice 16(2): 191-204."""""	" Although formal ethics classes provide a basic foundation in managing ethical dilemmas, professionals often point to their experiences on internship as an important training ground for consolidation of their ethical development. Clinical interns face many personal and professional transitions that can lead to a number of ethical dilemmas. Effective collaboration between administrative staff, supervisors, and interns can create a pragmatic model for negotiating these dilemmas. In this paper, issues related to balancing intern competency with training and patient/client needs, managing dual relationships with supervisory staff, and dealing with differences in orientation are addressed from the perspective of both the site and the intern. We also discuss ways in which problems can arise and how both sides can work together systematically to negotiate those problems. To illustrate this process, we discuss cases involving effective collaboration between interns and sites. Finally, the authors assert the need for formal, empirically supported training in classic ethical issues, but also in contemporary ethical issues arising from the ever-evolving field of mental health service delivery and unique challenges accompanying these advances. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		805	"Hammond, D. (2009). """"Fact """"and"""" Fiction: Modeling the Research Practices of Fiction Writers."""" English Journal 98(3): 53-58."""""	" In teaching a research-writing unit, the author has asked her students to research and write a persuasive speech, a multigenre paper, an I-Search, a historical and comparative connection to literature, a country brochure, and a social criticism essay. While she found benefits and disadvantages in all of these assignments, the author was particularly discouraged by the disconnect between research and writing that these assignments allowed, and therefore, she sought an additional research experience that would help close this gap for students. She eventually discovered a natural venue for studying research in the English classroom when a community of writers explores fiction, which can provide a well-rounded, research writing experience for high school students. Using fiction to rethink traditional approaches to teaching research, the author engages her students in creative writing that helps them develop critical research skills. Integrating research and documentation skills into a fiction writing unit reinforces how students should approach all types of research writing, including more traditional methods, by allowing the purpose of the writing and its audience to drive the presentation of research. This article describes how the author sets up the researching fiction unit and presents student writing samples which are in order from adequate to most sophisticated based on the students' approach and ability to naturally embed research findings. (Contains 2 notes.)"""
NaN		806	"Hamoda, H. M., et al. (2011). """"A competency-based model for research training during psychiatry residency."""" Harvard Review of Psychiatry 19(2): 78-85."""""	" The Institute of Medicine recently identified a critical shortage of psychiatrist-researchers and highlighted the need for competency-based curricula that promote research training during psychiatry residency as a way to address that shortage. In this article we review extant approaches to research training during psychiatry residency. We then identify five core elements necessary for promoting research training: (1) mentoring, (2) education, (3) experience, (4) time, and (5) support. We describe six interrelated domains of core research competencies that can be mastered gradually over the course of residency training: (1) research literacy, (2) content mastery of specific research topics, (3) principles of research design and methods, (4) principles of biostatistics, (5) presentation and writing skills, including grant writing, and (6) principles of responsible conduct of research. Finally, we propose a broadly applicable, developmental, competency-based framework for applying these core elements to research training during psychiatry residency. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		807	"Hanauer, I. D., et al. (2012). """"Linguistic Analysis of Project Ownership for Undergraduate Research Experiences."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 11(4): 378-385."""""	" We used computational linguistic and content analyses to explore the concept of project ownership for undergraduate research. We used linguistic analysis of student interview data to develop a quantitative methodology for assessing project ownership and applied this method to measure degrees of project ownership expressed by students in relation to different types of educational research experiences. The results of the study suggest that the design of a research experience significantly influences the degree of project ownership expressed by students when they describe those experiences. The analysis identified both positive and negative aspects of project ownership and provided a working definition for how a student experiences his or her research opportunity. These elements suggest several features that could be incorporated into an undergraduate research experience to foster a student's sense of project ownership. (Contains 2 tables.)"""
NaN		808	"Hancock, N., et al. (2012). """"Participation of mental health consumers in research: Training addressed and reliability assessed."""" Australian Occupational Therapy Journal 59(3): 218-224."""""	" Introduction: A call for active inclusion of consumers in research  recognising and valuing the knowledge that arises through lived experience, is made in the literature. However, genuine inclusion of consumers as members of the research team remains rare. Opponents present two barriers: lack of required knowledge and skills and lack of capacity to conduct rigorous research. Methods: This study involved a collaborative process to develop training materials for consumer researchers. Reliability of self‐report outcome data collected by five trained consumers was then examined. Results: Quantitative results suggest that trained consumers can facilitate self‐report interviews to the high standard expected by the general research community. Conclusions: This study provides both methods and resources to extend occupational therapy consumer‐centred practice into the realm of research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		809	"Hanley, T. (2015). """"Information asymmetry and counselling psychology: 'Noledge is Power.'."""" Counselling Psychology Review 30(1): 2-5."""""	" Content & Focus: This editorial reflects upon the concept of 'information asymmetry' within counselling psychology. As therapists we commonly prize our psychological knowledge and attend workshop after workshop to provide us with more. We then attempt to wield the knowledge that we have attained in a sensitive and ethically minded way in our work with clients. As such, this sophisticated navigation of information asymmetry is present within our daily therapeutic routines. In contrast, it could be argued that within the more equal playing field of research, we are less forthcoming with our experience and expertise. Prior to moving to outline the wide ranging topics in this edition of Counselling Psychology Review, this reticence is briefly reflected upon and the implications of the recent, and future, Research Excellence Framework assessments are considered. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		810	Hannah, E. F. S., et al. (2014). INQUIRY-BASED LEARNING FOR INTERPROFESSIONAL EDUCATION. Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 2: 105-125.	" This chapter describes the development and evaluation of an interdisciplinary group-based inquiry-based learning (IBL) project across two professional degree programmes in Scotland educational psychology and social work. After outlining the policy and practice contexts for interdisciplinary inquiry-based learning, we articulate how IBL can facilitate professional identity development, mirror key aspects of professional practice such as interprofessional collaboration, and provide deep interdisciplinary learning. It is argued that the process of IBL provides an authentic and complex practice scenario which allows for the articulation and development of professional knowledge, values, identities and roles in collaboration with another professional grouping. The process of IBL development is described and we report on the results of a small-scale qualitative evaluation of the short-term outcomes of the IBL approach to teaching and learning. The IBL activity enhanced students' appreciation of interdisciplinary collaboration and allowed them to practice relevant skills. The views and reflections of students are reported and reinforce the relevance and efficacy of the approach. The chapter concludes with a series of suggestions and advice for the replication of using IBL as a tool to enhance and facilitate interdisciplinary learning."""
NaN		811	"Harden, C. P. (2012). """"Framing and Reframing Questions of Human-Environment Interactions."""" Annals of the Association of American Geographers 102(4): 737-747."""""	" Ways in which geographers have framed research on human-environment interactions have changed over time. This review emphasizes the limitations of previous ways of framing human-environment research and indicates new opportunities to be pursued by reframing the research questions. It begins with the research and influence of W. M. Davis and follows with research framed as environmental determinism, human ecology, natural hazards, human impacts on the environment, and sustainability. Studies of interactions between people and environments are central to geography, but such studies have dominantly been one-sided as a result of the type of relationship studied or the perspectives (physical or social) brought by the investigators. Awareness of the nature of nature and the dynamic, interactive behavior of biophysical and human systems has the potential to bring new perspectives to the traditional human-environment dichotomy. Because many of the world's important problems involve interactions between people and environments, geographers are encouraged to turn their attention to this core area of the discipline. Research opportunities include studies of the effects of environmental change on human populations, including the complex web of interactions and feedbacks involved  studies of how environmental services are valued and managed  and other studies that provide knowledge to support more sustainable human-environment interactions, especially in an urbanizing world."""
NaN		812	"Harding, K. E., et al. (2010). """"Development and evaluation of an allied health research training scheme."""" Journal of Allied Health 39(4): e143-e148."""""	" Allied health professionals are increasingly encouraged to utilise clinical research skills within their practice. While undergraduate allied health courses include some training in basic research skills, little is known about the most effective methods of continuing research training into professional life. This paper describes the implementation and evaluation of a 12-week allied health research training program, targeting interested clinicians and utilising a mixed approach of group learning and individual mentoring to guide participants through the process of conducting a systematic review of the literature. Evaluation included a qualitative analysis of in-depth semistructured interviews with the first cohort of participants who completed the program (n = 6) and their mentors (n = 6), a quantitative analysis of changes in research interest, experience, and confidence of those who enrolled in the program (n = 7) using the Research Spider tool, and a 6-month follow-up of research outputs resulting from the program. Results indicated that the program was beneficial, although the time and new learning required was a challenge for both participants and mentors. A significant increase was observed in research confidence, as well as an observed improvement in research experience, that approached but did not achieve statistical significance (p = 0.06). At 6-month follow-up, the program had led to the submission of three papers for publication and one conference presentation. The results of the evaluation indicate that a research training program targeting motivated and interested clinicians and utilising existing resources can lead to tangible outputs within a clinical setting. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		813	"Hardré, P. L., et al. (2014). """"Designing and evaluating a STEM teacher learning opportunity in the research university."""" Evaluation and Program Planning 43: 73-82."""""	" This study examines the design and evaluation strategies for a year-long teacher learning and development experience, including their effectiveness, efficiency and recommendations for strategic redesign. Design characteristics include programmatic features and outcomes: cognitive, affective and motivational processes  interpersonal and social development  and performance activities. Program participants were secondary math and science teachers, partnered with engineering faculty mentors, in a research university-based education and support program. Data from multiple sources demonstrated strengths and weaknesses in design of the program's learning environment, including: face-to-face and via digital tools  on-site and distance community interactions  and strategic evaluation tools and systems. Implications are considered for the strategic design and evaluation of similar grant-funded research experiences intended to support teacher learning, development and transfer. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		814	"Hardre, P. L., et al. (2010). """"Engineering a Dynamic Science Learning Environment for K-12 Teachers."""" Teacher Education Quarterly 37(2): 157-178."""""	" The present study follows a cohort of 17 K-12 teachers through a six-week resident learning experience in science and engineering, and on into the planning and implementation of applications for their classrooms. This Research Experiences for Teachers (RET) program was examined using the strategic approach of design-based research, with its fluid, adaptive management of the complexity of authentic learning ""in situ"""" and its attentive documentation of expected and unexpected events, in process and products, to capture the richness of teachers' and mentors' experiences. Research on effective teacher professional development, adult learning, situated cognition, and learning transfer were utilized to inform the evaluation design. Teachers overall enjoyed the RET experience""  they appreciated the faculty expertise and insights, and admired their mentors. In this study the authors see three parts of teacher professional development. The first is knowledge and skills, the intangible tools, cognitive and psychomotor, to do the research tasks. The second is equipment, the physical resources and tangible tools with which to do the work. The third is empowerment--in self-perceptions, motivations, and drive necessary to carry out the plans, provided through initial and ongoing support and communication. Teacher-learners, expert in K-12 science education, learned from university mentors, expert in engineering. Engineer-mentors learned about K-12 science education and the demands of effective teacher development. The result was a change in the practice of both groups of teachers, in K-12 education, in undergraduate engineering (reported by the mentors), and in the adaptive revision of the professional development program itself. (Contains 3 tables.)"""
NaN		815	"Hardwick, L. (2013). """"The Place of Community-Based Learning in Higher Education: A Case Study of Interchange."""" Journal of Further and Higher Education 37(3): 349-366."""""	" This article focuses on one strand of community engagement: community-based learning for students. It considers in particular Interchange as a case study. Interchange is a registered charity based in, but independent of, a department in a Higher Education Institution. It brokers between undergraduate research/work projects and Voluntary Community Organisations who are seeking to address issues that require research-evidence or assistance with a discrete work project related to the organisation. The case study is used to discover aspects of this pedagogy peculiar to Interchange as well as those common to other community-based learning initiatives in Higher Education (HE). The case study cannot be properly understood without reference to broader notions of community engagement, predominantly the policy agendas that shape initiatives in UK HE. These initiatives tend to be geared towards business and the needs of the economy above reciprocal engagements that contribute to civil society. It is argued that this bias may eclipse the benefits of community-based learning initiatives that engage with civil society. This is especially pertinent in the current context of financial cuts to HE. Given this, the local community perspective facilitated by community-based learning should not be overlooked and should be recognised, not only as part of the diverse range of knowledge exchange and teaching enhancement within universities, but also as a progressive pedagogy that has the potential to contribute to civil society."""
NaN		816	"Harfmann, K. L. and M. J. Zirwas (2011). """"Can performance in medical school predict performance in residency? A compilation and review of correlative studies."""" Journal of the American Academy of Dermatology 65(5): 1010-1022."""""	" Background. The current resident selection process relies heavily on medical student performance, with the assumption that analysis of this performance will aid in the selection of successful residents. Although there is abundant literature analyzing indicators of medical student performance measures as predictors of success in residency, wide-ranging differences in beliefs persist concerning their validity. Objective: We sought to collect and review studies that have correlated medical student performance with residency performance. Methods: The English-language literature from 1996 to 2009 was searched with PubMed. Selected studies evaluated medical students on the basis of US Medical Licensing Examination scores, preclinical and clinical performance, research experience, objective structured clinical examination performance, medical school factors, honor society membership, Medical Student Performance Evaluations, letters of recommendation, and faculty interviews. Outcome measures were standardized residency examinations and residency supervisor ratings. Results: The medical student factors that correlated most strongly with performance on examinations in residency were medical student examination scores, clinical performance, and honor society membership. Those that correlated most strongly with supervisor ratings were clinical grades, faculty interview, and medical school attended. Overall, there were inconsistent results for most performance measures. Limitations: In addition to the lack of a widely used measure of success in residency, most studies were small, single institution, and single specialty, and thus of limited ability to generalize findings. Conclusion: No one medical student factor can be used to predict performance in residency. There is a need for a more consistent and systematic approach to determining predictors of success in residency. (J Am Acad Dermatol 2011 65:1010-22.)"""
NaN		817	"Harland, T. (2009). """"People Who Study Higher Education."""" Teaching in Higher Education 14(5): 579-582."""""	" The study of higher education can seem extraordinarily complex because what counts as knowledge is contestable and the higher education research community is, like Hemingway's Paris, a moveable feast. A lack of epistemological precision and field uncertainty is partly due to the fact that those who study higher education tend to work in higher education and effectively study their own social situations. They may do this with years of research training or as novices, and they may be from the field of higher education or from another discipline or even from outside the typical disciplinary structures found in our institutions. In the author's role as an academic developer, he finds himself mentoring colleagues who want to study higher education but have no background in this area and this experience has led him to question who his fellow researchers are, what he is trying to achieve with his research and whether or not an inclusive higher education community undermines its own disciplinary status. To help him make sense of such a diverse community, he divides his world into three. There are those who make their living from researching in higher education and who regard this as their primary subject, there are others who are part-time researchers and there are those who simply have an interest in the field. If a research community is difficult to identify, then it must be difficult to know the audience for one's work. When he writes, he does this with his university colleagues in mind and they can be from any discipline and may or may not be researchers in higher education. He makes this choice because he is an academic developer who regards research simply as another form of teaching. This utilitarian value guides his practice and in particular his writing."""
NaN		818	"Harland, T. (2012). """"Higher Education as an Open-Access Discipline."""" Higher Education Research and Development 31(5): 703-710."""""	" In this article, I draw mainly on an analysis of my research experiences in science and higher education. My aim is to construct a conceptual argument that will help explain some of the evident complexity of the higher education field and inform future developments. I propose that the study of higher education is an open-access discipline with the prime purpose of providing a service for higher education itself. Such an argument acknowledges the diversity of people who contribute to this research and how the discipline is developed. To help explain these ideas, I borrow from the scientific concept of Ecosystem Services as a field theory for higher education that envisages a knowledge service for a unified project concerned with research that informs and enhances the complete range of services required of our higher education institutions. (Contains 3 tables.)"""
NaN		819	"Harland, T. and D. Staniforth (2008). """"A Family of Strangers: The Fragmented Nature of Academic Development."""" Teaching in Higher Education 13(6): 669-678."""""	" This paper draws on the experiences of 20 academic developers as they examine the proposition that the organisation and work of academic development in higher education is fragmented. Academic development was seen to have neither the status of a field nor a profession, and there was recognised tension between an institutionally focused service model that could be everything to everyone and one that could be distinguished as more conventionally ""academic"""" with theoretical knowledge as the basis for practice. Against the proposition, there was evidence of shared values and acceptance of diversity of purpose. We conclude that academic development has been fragmented since its inception and it remains resistant to cohesive change. Data suggest that to develop a unified community, academic development could seek field-status by encouraging all staff to provide their services by way of research-led teaching with each developer using their research knowledge and experiences of academic life to underpin practice. Only then will it have the necessary credibility and foundation from which it can work out its broader purposes and provide a quality service."""""
NaN		820	"Harrigan, R. C. and L. M. Emery (2010). """"TRANSLATIONAL LEADERSHIP: NEW APPROACHES TO TEAM DEVELOPMENT."""" Ethnicity & Disease 20(1): 141-145."""""	" Introduction: Little is known about how to develop collaborative multidisciplinary research teams. Methods: Following a comprehensive needs assessment, we developed a curriculum-based, multi-disciplinary, didactic and experiential Translational Leadership training program grounded in adult learning theory. In addition, we constructed collaborative clinical/translational research experiences for trainees to enhance clinical/translational research skills. Key Programmatic Elements and Preliminary Findings: This 15-week Translational Leadership program was generated based on the following premises. Academic translational leadership teams should partner and collaborate, customize, make the program relevant to the culture, create a common language, use the best resources, and establish measurable goals for success. Development of effective collaborative research teams is essential to the management of successful translational research teams. Development of these skills in addition to cultural humility will provide the best infrastructure and human capital committed to the resolution of health disparities. Effective translational research teams are more comfortable with the component team members and the communities where they implement their protocols. Our participants highly valued the diverse experiences from this program  several have succeeded in leading community-based research teams. Conclusions: Our Translational Leadership program offers essential skills using adult learning theory for translational researchers who become capable of leading and participating in translational research teams. We believe including community members in the training of translational research programs is an important asset. The multidisciplinary approach develops skills that are also of significant use to the community and its acceptance of responsibility for its own health. (Ethn Dis. 2010 201[Suppl 1]:S1-141-S1-145)"""
NaN		821	Harrington, M. A., et al. (2015). UNDERGRADUATE RESEARCH PROGRAMS CAN ALSO BE FACULTY DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS. Infusing Undergraduate Research into Historically Black Colleges and Universities Curricula. J. McClinton, M. A. Melton, C. R. Jackson and K. Engerman. 17: 115-127.	" Typical undergraduate research programs involving HBCU students have several weaknesses including the short time of the students' involvement in the research and the variable level of commitment of faculty mentors. Another issue at HBCUs is the lack of both start-up support for new faculty and external research support, which limits the quality of research projects and the pool of faculty mentors. We designed our NSF-funded undergraduate research program to be a professional development program to help faculty expand their research program and improve their mentoring skills, while at the same time involving undergraduates in research. Faculty in STEM departments competed for Student Support Grants that provided support for research-related equipment, supplies, travel, and up to two students for one year. Faculty submitted proposals describing their research project, the role of students in the project, and their student mentoring plan. Faculty mentors could recruit their own students for the project, and both faculty mentors and students were required to commit to the research project for one year. Outcomes of the program were very positive for both the faculty and the students. All of the involved students presented their research at conferences and several were co-authors on research publications. All but a few of the students continued working in research even after their time in the program was over. In addition, many of the supported faculty members were able to use the financial support as a springboard for successful applications for other grant programs."""
NaN		822	"Harris, A. and M. Guillemin (2012). """"Developing Sensory Awareness in Qualitative Interviewing: A Portal Into the Otherwise Unexplored."""" Qualitative Health Research 22(5): 689-699."""""	" Within the social sciences there has been an increased interest in the senses. Much of this work has focused on ethnographic methods and has concentrated on research about the senses. In this article we focus on interviews and examine the value of expanded interviewing strategies that use the senses as access points. We argue that a sensory awareness can enrich interviews by offering a portal to otherwise unexplored illness or health care experiences which are either too difficult to articulate or too intangible to describe. Sensory awareness incorporates not only attentiveness to the research environment but also the utilization of sensory questions or prompts to gain insight into the research experience. We draw from a variety of empirical studies, and offer methodological guidance to the researcher while exploring ethical and challenging aspects of incorporating sensory awareness into the research interview."""
NaN		823	"Harris, R. and A. Paterson (2016). """"Exploring the research domain of consultant practice: Experiences of consultant radiographers."""" Radiography 22(1): E25-E33."""""	" Aim: This paper reports on one part of a larger study. The aim of the overall study was to explore what the core domain of research means to consultant radiographers in clinical practice and to identify the key factors that facilitate or hinder research activity by this staff group. Design and method: Grounded theory research methodology was employed. This second part of the study involved telephone interviews with twenty five consultant radiographers. Results: Results indicate there are variations across clinical specialties as to the amount and level of research undertaken by consultant radiographers. The principal barriers revealed were: lack of time  excessive clinical workload  lack of skills and confidence to undertake research  poor research culture  and lack of support. The main facilitators noted were: dedicated time, research training and up-skilling  mutually beneficial collaborations  managerial understanding of the research domain of the role  and research focussed on clinical demand. Conclusion: Fulfilling the clinical role is imperative and integral to the profession at consultant level  however, if it is undertaken to the detriment of the other domains then these practitioners may not be operating at 'consultant' level. Overall improvements must be made to ensure that the consultant radiographer role is delivering on current expectations and is safeguarded for the future of the next generation of radiographers. (C) 2015 The College of Radiographers. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		824	"Harris, T. and F. Tweed (2010). """"A Research-Led, Inquiry-Based Learning Experiment: Classic Landforms of Deglaciation, Glen Etive, Scottish Highlands."""" Journal of Geography in Higher Education 34(4): 511-528."""""	" This paper reports an adaptation of a classroom-based, traditionally taught module to both facilitate field-based knowledge acquisition and contribute towards research. The module enabled students, through a combination of new research and co-learning, to achieve the original classroom-based learning outcomes. Students engaged enthusiastically with the research project, developing a deeper learning style as demonstrated by improved student performance and a sense of ownership of the learning experience. The study concludes that field-centred, inquiry-based learning draws heavily upon staff resources but is an effective means of facilitating teaching and research in tandem. (Contains 3 figures and 1 table.)"""
NaN		825	"Harrison, M., et al. (2011). """"Classroom-Based Science Research at the Introductory Level: Changes in Career Choices and Attitude."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 10(3): 279-286."""""	" Our study, focused on classroom-based research at the introductory level and using the Phage Genomics course as the model, shows evidence that first-year students doing research learn the process of science as well as how scientists practice science. A preliminary but notable outcome of our work, which is based on a small sample, is the change in student interest in considering different career choices such as graduate education and science in general. This is particularly notable, as previous research has described research internships as clarifying or confirming rather than changing undergraduates' decisions to pursue graduate education. We hypothesize that our results differ from previous studies of the impact of engaging in research because the students in our study are still in the early stages of their undergraduate careers. Our work builds upon the classroom-based research movement and should be viewed as encouraging to the Vision and Change in Undergraduate Biology Education movement advocated by the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the National Science Foundation, and other undergraduate education stakeholders."""
NaN		826	"Harsh, J. A. (2016). """"Designing performance-based measures to assess the scientific thinking skills of chemistry undergraduate researchers."""" Chemistry Education Research and Practice 17(4): 808-817."""""	" Undergraduate research (UR) is a vetted educational tool that is commonly perceived to prepare students for entering graduate school and careers in STEM fields  however, scholarly attention to date has largely relied on self-report data, which may limit inferences about the causal effects on student outcomes. In light of this, recent calls have been made for innovative and rigorous assessment strategies to better understand the efficacy and impact of UR on key disciplinary skills, both in classroom and internship UR models, that can help inform decisions about educational refinement. To more accurately measure the effect of UR on students, well-designed performance-based assessments can be used to provide direct evidence to the development of targeted skills during their research experience. Given the limited availability of tested, adaptable (and freely available) performance measures for assessing undergraduate chemistry students' scientific thinking skills, this article outlines a five-step process drawn from the literature about how reliable tasks and rubrics can be developed by faculty interested in assessing the effect of research training in the lab and classroom. For this purpose, as an applied example, the manuscript describes the development, testing, and validation of the Performance assessment of Undergraduate Research Experiences (PURE) instrument, which was designed to directly characterize the effects of research experiences on chemistry students' analytical and data-driven decision-making through open-response tasks situated in real-world scientific problems. Initial results reveal that the PURE instrument has high face validity and good reliability in measuring the scientific thinking skills of chemistry student researchers, and documents differences in UR students' answer quality over time supporting the effect of UR on research skill growth and the viability of performance data to assess these changes."""
NaN		827	"Hartings, M. R., et al. (2015). """"A Hybrid Integrated Laboratory and Inquiry-Based Research Experience: Replacing Traditional Laboratory Instruction with a Sustainable Student-Led Research Project."""" Journal of Chemical Education 92(6): 1016-1023."""""	" The Department of Chemistry at American University has replaced its junior- and senior-level laboratory curriculum with two, two-semester long, student-led research projects as part of the department's American Chemical Society-accredited program. In the first semester of each sequence, a faculty instructor leads the students through a set of previously performed experiments and introduces the students to a research project, specific laboratory techniques, and instrumentation. As such, the first (fall) semester takes the form of a control experiment. During the second (spring) semester, students design and carry out experiments of their own choosing that are based on their research interests and that build upon the first semester's work. In the subsequent academic year, the research is continued by a new set of students. The research from the previous academic year's second semester becomes the control experiments of the current academic year's first semester. In this way, the research project continually grows and develops according to student decisions. During these two semesters, students are assessed on their ability to perform experiments, maintain proper record keeping, designing and following safety protocols, proposal writing, and written and oral presentations of their work. This program, which grants ownership, or autonomy, of a research project to our student body, has been well received by the students, helped to meet departmental objectives, and led to a research publication and a funded grant proposal."""
NaN		828	"Hartmann, J. Q., et al. (2013). """"Strong faculty relationships and academic motivation as potential outcomes of undergraduate research."""" North American Journal of Psychology 15(1): 215-234."""""	" We examined positive student-faculty relationships and academic motivation as outcomes of undergraduate research experiences. Such experiences are widely touted by colleges and universities as offering benefits above and beyond classroom experiences. A quasi-experimental design compared individually mentored, classroom research, and non-research college student groups over the course of a semester. Individually mentored students reported stronger student-faculty relationships than the other two groups at pre-test and at post-test. However, student-faculty relationship scores did not change for any of the groups over a semester of research or course experience. Similarly, no changes were evident in academic motivation scores. We defined academic motivation in light of expectancy-value theory. Individually mentored students reported significantly higher academic motivation than the non-research group at pre-test only. At post-test individually mentored students evidenced greater intellectual curiosity than the non-research group. The data suggest that students who pursue additional research experiences are already a select group with strong academic motivation and connections to faculty mentors. One semester of individually mentored research experience may not offer the quantity or quality of mentoring to increase academic motivation as a whole. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		829	"Harvey, D., et al. (2016). """"Becoming a clinician researcher in allied health."""" Australian Health Review 40(5): 562-569."""""	" Objective. Combining research with clinical practice has benefits for health services and practitioners. There is limited information available on strategies used by health professionals to balance research with high clinical service demands. The aims of the present study were to examine how research is initiated and to identify the factors that influence the successful integration of research into a clinical work role. Methods. Semistructured recursive-style interviews were conducted with 15 research-active allied health professionals at regional health services using a combination of criterion and purposive sampling. Interviews were recorded, transcribed and analysed using constant comparative techniques to identify dominant themes, which were integrated to create a conceptual model. Results. Becoming a clinician researcher involved four phases: (1) a research debut  (2) building momentum  (3) developing a track record  and (4) becoming an established clinician researcher. A research debut was enabled by pre-entry exposure to research or through quality activities, predisposing personal characteristics and research opportunities at work. Quarantined time for research, a research-friendly workplace culture and supportive research relationships enabled a clinician to thrive as a researcher despite the challenges. Conclusion. The clinician researcher career trajectory contributes to a better understanding of how a research career commences and develops in clinical settings. It may assist to develop strategies to support research capacity building."""
NaN		830	"Harvey, P. A., et al. (2014). """"The Python Project: A Unique Model for Extending Research Opportunities to Undergraduate Students."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 13(4): 698-710."""""	" Undergraduate science education curricula are traditionally composed of didactic instruction with a small number of laboratory courses that provide introductory training in research techniques. Research on learning methodologies suggests this model is relatively ineffective, whereas participation in independent research projects promotes enhanced knowledge acquisition and improves retention of students in science. However, availability of faculty mentors and limited departmental budgets prevent the majority of students from participating in research. A need therefore exists for this important component in undergraduate education in both small and large university settings. A course was designed to provide students with the opportunity to engage in a research project in a classroom setting. Importantly, the course collaborates with a sponsor's laboratory, producing a symbiotic relationship between the classroom and the laboratory and an evolving course curriculum. Students conduct a novel gene expression study, with their collective data being relevant to the ongoing research project in the sponsor's lab. The success of this course was assessed based on the quality of the data produced by the students, student perception data, student learning gains, and on whether the course promoted interest in and preparation for careers in science. In this paper, we describe the strategies and outcomes of this course, which represents a model for efficiently providing research opportunities to undergraduates."""
NaN		831	"Hassi, M.-L. and S. L. Laursen (2015). """"Transformative Learning: Personal Empowerment in Learning Mathematics."""" Journal of Transformative Education 13(4): 316-340."""""	" This article introduces the concept of personal empowerment as a form of transformative learning. It focuses on commonly ignored but enhancing elements of mathematics learning and argues that crucial personal resources can be essentially promoted by high engagement in mathematical problem solving, inquiry, and collaboration. This personal empowerment is considered in three forms: self-empowerment, cognitive empowerment, and social empowerment. We report results from semi-structured interviews with undergraduate students who participated in college mathematics classes that implemented inquiry-based learning at four research universities. The findings support the idea that learning mathematics in classroom situations that use student activity, deep engagement, and collaboration can be strongly transformative for individual students. Not only do these courses enhance students' thinking and problem-solving skills but they also significantly promote self-perceptions, agency and self-regulatory activity, and social skills. Positive elements of these classroom practices for students' personal empowerment and transformative learning are discussed."""
NaN		832	"Haugen, H., et al. (2016). """"Participant Comfort with and Application of Inquiry-Based Learning: Results from 4-H Volunteer Training."""" Journal of Extension 54(1): 13."""""	" This article explores how a one-time training designed to support learning transfer affected 4-H volunteers' comfort levels with the training content and how comfort levels, in turn, affected the volunteers' application of tools and techniques learned during the training. Results of a follow-up survey suggest that the training participants experienced increases in comfort with guiding inquiry-based learning and achieved high levels of application of the tools and techniques presented during the training. The data indicate that providing participants with opportunities during training to experience tools and build skills by practicing techniques helps them more effectively guide learning in the future."""
NaN		833	"Hawthorne, T. L., et al. (2014). """"Community Geography as a Model for International Research Experiences in Study Abroad Programs."""" Journal of Geography in Higher Education 38(2): 219-237."""""	" Collaborative engagement with local residents and organizations is often cited as one of the most valuable aspects of community-based research integration in classroom settings. However, little has been written on the impact of community engagement in international study abroad programs. We explore the use of community geography in Belize to develop international, community-based research experiences for undergraduate and graduate students. In our study abroad program, students utilize Geographic Information Systems, Global Positioning Systems data collection, fieldwork, and interviews to understand social and environmental issues important to our Belizean collaborators. As we demonstrate in this article, foreign collaborators often have different expectations, commitments, burdens, and resources that either encourage or limit their participation in all stages of the research process. These conflicts present researchers and educators with a significant challenge to identify the appropriate model for community engagement that works best in the particular international context. With these challenges in mind, we examine a community geography model for study abroad programs that has implications for geography and related disciplines as scholars work to create meaningful and sustainable international research experiences that benefit higher education students as well as community residents and organizations in host countries."""
NaN		834	"Hay, D. B., et al. (2013). """"Using drawings of the brain cell to exhibit expertise in neuroscience: Exploring the boundaries of experimental culture."""" Science Education 97(3): 468-491."""""	" This paper explores the research perspective of neuroscience by documenting the brain cell (neuron) drawings of undergraduates, trainee scientists, and leading neuroscience researchers in a single research-intensive university. Qualitative analysis, drawing-sorting exercises, and hierarchical cluster analysis are used to answer two related questions: Are there categorical differences in drawings of participants  and if differences exist, can they be objectively recognized as measures of research experience? The analysis strongly suggests that (1) a willingness/ability to hybridize extant brain cell knowledge with imaginative conjecture grounded by experience of experimental plausibility gives rise to drawings that are recognized as being 'expert signatures' by all classes of participants  (2) the drawings of PhD students and postdoctoral researchers’ are influenced by a more mechanical observation style where faithfulness to actual observation work is prioritized  and (3) while a subset of undergraduates recognize the images of 'experts,' their own drawings are invariably textbook reproductions. Nevertheless, teaching interventions designed to engender a research perspective free-up undergraduates’ creative drawing potential so that sometimes their postintervention drawings are indistinguishable from those of principal investigators. We explore the teaching implications of our data, emphasizing the distinctive role of the principal investigator who is able to index an otherwise invisible process of experimental knowledge making. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		835	"Hayes, S. and M. Koro-Ljungberg (2011). """"Dialogic Exchanges and the Negotiation of Differences: Female Graduate Students' Experiences of Obstacles Related to Academic Mentoring."""" Qualitative Report 16(3): 682-710."""""	" This study, framed by social constructionism, investigated the dialogic exchanges and co-construction of knowledge among female graduate students, who met to discuss the ways in which the differences between mentors and mentees might be negotiated in order to develop and maintain mentoring relationships that benefit both partners. Ten female graduate students, with qualitative research experience, participated in individual interviews and focus groups. Findings indicated our participants were open to the differences expressed, focusing on commonalities, rather than accentuating or suppressing stated differences. This negotiation of difference enabled our participants to co-construct more complex and legitimate understandings of mentoring. Collectively, our participants expressed a need for mentoring that addressed psychosocial, as well as career functions and mentoring relationships that supported the development of both mentor and mentee as scholars and researchers. (Contains 4 tables and 1 footnote.)"""
NaN		836	"Head, N. (2014). """"Review of Creating practice‐based evidence: A guide for SLTs."""" International Journal of Language & Communication Disorders 49(3): 376-376."""""	" Reviews the book, Creating Practice‐Based Evidence: A Guide for SLTs by Corinne Dobinson and Yvonne Wren (2013). This book aims to provide a practical guide for speech and language therapists (SLTs) interested in developing their skills in creating practice-based evidence within the course of their clinical work. This is a very useful and encouraging book for any SLT considering creating practice-based evidence and would be a valuable addition to any speech and language therapy department. It is aimed primarily at getting SLTs started with evidence gathering, but may also be a useful and reassuring source of information and advice for practicing SLTs who already have research experience. It is easy to read and provides comprehensive practical advice to plan and carry out a relevant, scientifically robust, small-scale research or evaluation project within a clinical role. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		837	Healy, N. and L. Rathbun (2016). Education and Outreach of the National Nanotechnology Infrastructure Network (NNIN) 2004-2015: History and Accomplishments of Undergraduate Programs. Global Perspectives of Nanoscience and Engineering Education. K. Winkelmann and B. Bhushan: 323-349.	" The National Nanotechnology Infrastructure Network (NNIN) was an NSF-funded facilities program (2004-2015) which had a large and diverse education and outreach (E&O) program. NNIN's E& O mission was to address the explosive growth of nanotechnology and its expanding need for a skilled workforce and informed public by offering education and training to individuals (school-aged students to adults). Using a two-pronged approach of national and local programs, NNIN defined, developed, and implemented a variety of innovative activities. This chapter focuses on three of its numerous programs: Research Experience for Undergraduates  international Research Experience for Undergraduates, and international Research Experience for Graduate Students. The chapter provides details on program implementation as well as assessment results."""
NaN		838	"Heasman, P. A., et al. (2015). """"Periodontology in the undergraduate curriculum in UK dental schools."""" British Dental Journal 219(1): 29-33."""""	" Introduction In 1980 the British Society of Periodontology published a series of educational goals which have guided periodontal curricula at UK dental schools. Further, a survey of UK dental schools evaluated aspects of teaching and learning in periodontology. The aims of this project were to identify teaching practices and assessments in periodontology and best practice which may be developed in the future. Materials and methods A questionnaire was sent to dental schools who had participated in the previous survey. The questionnaire sought information on aspects of teaching and learning in periodontology: teaching manpower, curriculum structure, assessment, research opportunities for students and whether implantology is delivered in the undergraduate curriculum. Results There is consistency between the education providers with respect to teaching and learning in periodontology. Most are developing integrated learning between dental undergraduates and members of the dental team although there are opportunities for further development. Students are expected to have knowledge of complex treatments but are not expected to be competent at undertaking periodontal surgery nor placing and restoring implants. Conclusion The findings confirm that there is considerable consistency between the education providers with respect to aspects of teaching and learning in periodontology."""
NaN		839	"Heesacker, M., et al. (2015). """"The undergraduate research laboratory as a method of enhancing science–practice integration."""" Counselling Psychology Quarterly 28(3): 264-285."""""	" As doctoral training programs focus on student selection, curriculum, mentoring, competencies, and accreditation guidelines in graduate training to ensure integration of science and practice in counseling psychologists, relatively little attention has been devoted to the preparation of undergraduate students during their formative collegiate years for science–practice integration. Over the last decade, the first two authors have developed and refined an all-undergraduate laboratory approach to science–practice integration that emphasizes the development of skills necessary for success in counseling psychology doctoral training. This article describes evidence for the success of this approach along with its development, principles, practices, and future directions. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		840	"Helitzer, D. L., et al. (2014). """"Perceptions of skill development of participants in three national career development programs for women faculty in academic medicine."""" Academic Medicine 89(6): 896-903."""""	" Purpose: The Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC) and Drexel University College of Medicine have designed and implemented national career development programs (CDPs) to help women faculty acquire and strengthen skills needed for success in academic medicine. The authors hypothesized that skills women acquired in CDPs would vary by career stage and program attended. Method: In 2011, the authors surveyed a national cohort of 2,779 women listed in the AAMC Faculty Roster who also attended one of three CDPs (Early- and Mid-Career Women in Medicine Seminars, and/or Executive Leadership in Academic Medicine) between 1988 and 2010 to examine their characteristics and CDP experiences. Participants indicated from a list of 16 skills whether each skill was newly acquired, improved, or not improved as a result of their program participation. Results: Of 2,537 eligible CDP women, 942 clicked on the link in an invitation e-mail, and 879 (93%) completed the survey. Respondents were representative of women faculty in academic medicine. Participants rated the CDPs highly. Almost all reported gaining and/or improving skills from the CDP. Four skills predominated across all three programs: interpersonal skills, leadership, negotiation, and networking. The skills that attendees endorsed differed by respondents’ career stages, more so than by program attended. Conclusions: Women participants perceived varying skills gained or improved from their attendance at the CDPs. Determining ways in which CDPs can support women’s advancement in academic medicine requires a deeper understanding of what participants seek from CDPs and how they use program content to advance their careers. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		841	"Heller, T., et al. (2008). """"Brief report: State of the science symposium on aging and developmental disabilities."""" Journal of Policy and Practice in Intellectual Disabilities 5(4): 286-288."""""	" The overall goal of the 2007 State of the Science Symposium on Aging with Developmental Disabilities: Charting Lifespan Trajectories and Supportive Environments for Healthy Community Living (held in Atlanta, Georgia, U.S.A.) was to increase the understanding and definition of how to improve the health, psychosocial well-being, and community participation of older adults with intellectual and developmental disabilities. The symposium consisted of four main tracks (neurodevelopmental conditions  health care services, health promotion needs, and health literacy  family support and intergenerational caregiving  and environmental barriers and supports to community living). The symposium's participants recommended a greater focus on a research agenda that would serve to increase the knowledge on the lifespan trajectory for individuals with intellectual and developmental disabilities and on identifying methods for developing and assessing effectiveness of practices and policies for individuals with developmental disabilities, their families, and their service providers. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		842	"Helm, H. W., Jr. and K. G. D. Bailey (2013). """"Perceived benefits of presenting undergraduate research at a professional conference."""" North American Journal of Psychology 15(3): 527-536."""""	" Research is increasingly an expected component of undergraduate psychology, with presentation of that research as a desired outcome. The present study examines the retrospective perceptions of current and former students who either merely attended or attended and presented undergraduate research at a regional professional conference. In general, whether or not the students presented at the conference, they reported that the experience was relevant to and useful for their education and goals. They also reported perceived increases in self-efficacy and motivation related to psychology as a profession. Those participants who presented undergraduate research, however, reported even greater perceived benefits. These findings suggest long-term self-efficacy and motivational benefits of integrating undergraduate psychology majors into professional conferences and particular benefits for student presentations of undergraduate research at conferences. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		843	"Helyar, R. (2007). """"Youth culture uncut: Youth Tribes 2007."""" Young Consumers 8(2): 101-107."""""	" Purpose: A key pillar of Channel 4's success is the ability to engage with young people. However, the vibrancy and dynamism of youth culture mean having to look for new ways to understand this audience. The purpose of this paper is to investigate this issue. Design/methodology/approach: The study used a mix of online forums, street interviews, blogs, video diaries and input from marketing professionals, designers, event promoters and others to explore today's tribes. The quantification of tribal characteristics proved a greater challenge. The solution was an online game, seeded and spread virally by users. Findings: The study identified 23 tribes. Above this there are three broad tribal directions, each with its own primary influence: Townies (the mainstream), Indie Kids (guitar music) and Trendies (fashion). It is now possible to produce tribal profiles for over 200 brands, as well as media activities, drug usage and expenditure. Research limitations/implications: The study's method of quantifying the tribes meant that data on the size of each tribe should be treated with caution. The relative success of the seeding process could affect the number of responses achieved from a tribe. Practical implications: Anyone needing to communicate with young people, from brands to the government, can benefit from the study. For example, media agencies have developed communications plans targeted towards different tribal areas. Originality/value: This paper demonstrates that talking to young people on their terms and creating an imaginative and rewarding research experience produce genuine insight from probably the toughest audience to understand. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		844	"Hemingway, S., et al. (2014). """"Mental health and learning disability nursing students' perceptions of the usefulness of the objective structured clinical examination to assess their competence in medicine administration."""" International Journal of Mental Health Nursing 23(4): 364-373."""""	" The aim of this study was to evaluate mental health and learning disability nursing students' perceptions of the usefulness of the objective structured clinical examination (OSCE) in assessing their administration of medicine competence. Learning disability (n = 24) and mental health (n = 46) students from a single cohort were invited to evaluate their experience of the OSCE. A 10‐item survey questionnaire was used, comprising open‐ and closed‐response questions. Twelve (50%) learning disability and 32 (69.6%) mental health nursing students participated. The OSCE was rated highly compared to other theoretical assessments  it was also reported as clinically real and as a motivational learning strategy. However, it did not rate as well as clinical practice. Content analysis of written responses identified four themes: (i) benefits of the OSCE  (ii) suggestions to improve the OSCE  (iii) concern about the lack of clinical reality of the OSCE  and (iv) OSCE‐induced stress. The themes, although repeating some of the positive statistical findings, showed that participants were critical of the university setting as a place to conduct clinical assessment, highlighted OSCE‐related stress, and questioned the validity of the OSCE as a real‐world assessment. The OSCE has an important role in the development of student nurses' administration of medicine skills. However, it might hinder their performance as a result of the stress of being assessed in a simulated environment. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		845	"Hemmings, B. (2012). """"Sources of Research Confidence for Early Career Academics: A Qualitative Study."""" Higher Education Research and Development 31(2): 171-184."""""	" There is a paucity of studies investigating how early career academics (ECAs) form attitudes towards aspects of their work and gain skills in research, teaching and service. This is especially the case with respect to research. A review of the pertinent literature revealed the prominence of a notion of research self-efficacy (or confidence) and how it was aligned with the other issues distilled from the literature. Employing a qualitative approach, the author of the study sought to develop a better understanding of how ECAs generate research confidence. Interview data were analysed using a process drawing together analytic induction and constant comparison methods. Six themes emerged from this analysis, namely, graduate student research experience, priorities, isolation, researcher identity, mentorship and a vote of confidence. These themes are discussed in detail and the implications of the results for university managers and lecturers are then considered. (Contains 1 table.)"""
NaN		846	"Hemmings, B., et al. (2013). """"Research Experiences of Staff within a Specialist UK Higher Education Institution: Challenges, Opportunities and Priorities."""" Tertiary Education and Management 19(1): 52-67."""""	" The study discussed here was based on a collective case approach involving a specialist UK higher education institution. Six individual interviews were carried out with a cross-sectional sample of the institution's staff members. Additional information was gained through observations and examination of relevant documents. These data were interrogated with the purpose of exploring how the institution had made the transition from a teacher training college to a teaching-led higher education institution with a particular commitment to developing research capacity. This analysis yielded a number of key findings: first, the institution had experienced a cultural shift, with research forming a more noticeable profile  second, practitioner-oriented research was the dominant research endeavour  and third, there appeared to be an incomplete understanding of the potential of research to change a staff member's career and teaching practice. The article concludes by giving consideration to the implications of the findings."""
NaN		847	"Henderson, L., et al. (2008). """"Teaching Undergraduate Research: The One-Room Schoolhouse Model."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 36(1): 28-33."""""	" Undergraduate research in the biochemistry, cell, and molecular biology program at Drake University uses apprenticeship, cooperative-style learning, and peer mentoring in a cross-disciplinary and cross-community educational program. We call it the one-room schoolhouse approach to teaching undergraduate research. This approach is cost effective, aids learning, supports the development of science and transferable management skills, is productive, and supports diversity. It allows a small set of faculty to involve large numbers of students in research and maintain a productive scholarship program. It provides students with skills in scientific research and transferable skills that they apply to a wide set of careers. (Contains 3 tables.)"""
NaN		848	"Henneberger, A. K., et al. (2016). """"Family functioning and high risk adolescents’ aggressive behavior: Examining effects by ethnicity."""" Journal of Youth and Adolescence 45(1): 145-155."""""	" The relationship between family functioning and adolescents’ physical aggression has been well established, but whether these relationships might differ by ethnicity has received less attention. Ethnic variations may be important for targeting prevention programs to specific youth and families. This study examined the longitudinal relationship between family cohesion, parental monitoring, and physical aggression using data from the Multisite Violence Prevention Project sample of high-risk youth (elevated aggression). Participants were 1,232 high-risk middle school students (65 % male  70 % African American  15 % Hispanic). Meaningful demographic variations were identified. After controlling for intervention condition and study site, family cohesion was significantly negatively related to physical aggression, more so for Hispanic youth. Parental monitoring was negatively associated with physical aggression for African American youth only. Our findings point to the importance of developing culturally sensitive family interventions to prevent physical aggression in middle school. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		849	"Hennig-Thurau, T., et al. (2015). """"Does Twitter matter? The impact of microblogging word of mouth on consumers’ adoption of new movies."""" Journal of the Academy of Marketing Science 43(3): 375-394."""""	" This research provides an empirical test of the 'Twitter effect,' which postulates that microblogging word of mouth (MWOM) shared through Twitter and similar services affects early product adoption behaviors by immediately disseminating consumers’ post-purchase quality evaluations. This is a potentially crucial factor for the success of experiential media products and other products whose distribution strategy relies on a hyped release. Studying the four million MWOM messages sent via Twitter concerning 105 movies on their respective opening weekends, the authors find support for the Twitter effect and report evidence of a negativity bias. In a follow-up incident study of 600 Twitter users who decided not to see a movie based on negative MWOM, the authors shed additional light on the Twitter effect by investigating how consumers use MWOM information in their decision-making processes and describing MWOM’s defining characteristics. They use these insights to position MWOM in the word-of-mouth landscape, to identify future word-of-mouth research opportunities based on this conceptual positioning, and to develop managerial implications. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		850	"Hensel, D. (2016). """"Q-Methodology: An Alternative Design for Undergraduate Nursing Honors Research."""" Journal of Nursing Education 55(11): 659-662."""""	" Background: Undergraduate research is a high-impact educational practice that fosters deep learning. Study design is an important factor to consider when planning for student success. Method: Q-methodology uses statistical principles to study subjectivity and can be successfully used by undergraduate nursing students to build research skills and foster deep learning. Results: Authentic assessments evidencing attainment of the desired learning outcomes in student studies include well-written literature reviews, successful institutional review board submissions, completed projects, and dissemination of findings. Conclusion: Q-studies solve many design challenges faced by novice researchers leading to doable and meaningful undergraduate projects."""
NaN		851	"Hensley, M. K., et al. (2015). """"A Survey of Campus Coordinators of Undergraduate Research Programs."""" College & Research Libraries 76(7): 975-995."""""	" Interest in supporting undergraduate research programs continues to grow within academic librarianship. This article presents how undergraduate research program coordinators perceive and value library support of their programs. Undergraduate research coordinators from a variety of institutions were surveyed on which elements of libraries and library services they valued, and where libraries could improve and develop services for undergraduate researchers and their faculty mentors. This article seeks to present a critical perspective on library support for undergraduate research programs from an important external constituent group of faculty and administrators. The data and recommendations can further conversations and aid collaboration between librarians and their campus colleagues."""
NaN		852	"Hernandez, M. I., et al. (2012). """"The Analysis of Students' Conceptions as a Support for Designing a Teaching/Learning Sequence on the Acoustic Properties of Materials."""" Journal of Science Education and Technology 21(6): 702-712."""""	" We believe that finding out how students think about certain topics that are covered in science classes should not be ""the end of the story"""" but the starting point for planning lessons and designing materials. From this perspective, the research study presented here is intended to explore secondary school (15-18 year old) students' preconceptions of sound attenuation, and of the properties and internal structure of materials. Specifically, we analysed students' explanations for the fact that some materials attenuate sound more than others. This study was conducted within a particular scenario, in which 72 students participated in laboratory sessions aimed at developing students' understanding of the nature, propagation and attenuation of sound. From the analysis of students' explanations, we could identify some conceptions of sound attenuation in materials (e.g. as a result of hindering the entrance of sound, or as a result of capturing sound). The results of this study also indicate that the role of properties of a material and the role of the internal structure that students associate with its acoustic behaviour depend on their conceptions of sound attenuation. We used these results as support for the design of a research-based teaching/learning sequence on the Acoustic Properties of Materials, which is intended to facilitate students' overcoming the specific conceptual difficulties identified in this research study and promote students' development of conceptual models of sound attenuation."""""
NaN		854	"Herrington, D. G., et al. (2011). """"Target Inquiry: Changing Chemistry High School Teachers' Classroom Practices and Knowledge and Beliefs about Inquiry Instruction."""" Chemistry Education Research and Practice 12(1): 74-84."""""	" Inquiry-based instruction requires a deep, conceptual understanding of the process of science combined with a sophisticated knowledge of teaching and learning. This study examines the changes in classroom instructional practices and corresponding changes to knowledge and beliefs about inquiry instruction for eight high school chemistry teachers. These teachers were part of a 2 1/2 year program that supported a research experiences for teachers with a summer of materials adaptation and a year-long action research project. Classroom observations scored with the Reformed Teaching Observation Protocol and semi-structured teacher interviews using the Inquiry Teaching Beliefs (ITB) instrument were used to examine changes in teachers' classroom teaching practices and their knowledge and beliefs about inquiry instruction. Results indicate that both teachers' instructional practices and their knowledge and beliefs about inquiry instruction changed during the program  however, in most cases, substantial changes to classroom instruction did not occur until after the materials adaptation component. Additionally, validity issues associated with using the ITB instrument for long-term interventions were discovered. (Contains 3 tables and 4 figures.)"""
NaN		853	"Herrington, D. G., et al. (2016). """"I Want to Be the Inquiry Guy! How Research Experiences for Teachers Change Beliefs, Attitudes, and Values about Teaching Science as Inquiry."""" Journal of Science Teacher Education 27(2): 183-204."""""	" This qualitative study examined how and why research experiences for teachers (RETs) influenced middle and high school science teachers' beliefs, attitudes, and values about teaching science as inquiry. Changes teachers reported after participating in the RET ranged from modifying a few lessons (belief change) to a comprehensive revision of what and how they taught to better reflect inquiry (attitude change). Some teachers who described comprehensively changing their instruction also described implementing actions meant to change science education within their respective schools, not just their own classrooms (value change). We present how and why teachers went about changes in their practices in relation to the researcher-created teacher inquiry beliefs system spectrum (TIBSS). The TIBSS conceptualizes the range of changes observed in participating teachers. We also describe the features of the RET and external factors, such as personal experiences and school contexts, that teachers cited as influential to these changes."""
NaN		855	"Herrmann, T., et al. (2015). """"Educational Outcomes in the Era of the Affordable Care Act: Impact of Personalized Education about Non-Small Cell Lung Cancer."""" Journal of Continuing Education in the Health Professions 35: S5-S12."""""	" IntroductionThe Affordable Care Act is moving medical careand medical educationtoward a quality-driven environment. Quality medical education must be available when the health care provider is ready to learn, provide feedback, and maximize translation of knowledge from desk to clinic. To best accomplish these goals, medical education must be personalized to clinicians' needs. Research has defined multiple knowledge/performance gaps among oncologists who manage advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). A study was conducted to determine the effectiveness with which a personalized learning approach for oncologists will diminish these gaps. MethodsThe authors undertook development, online distribution, and impact measurement of an NSCLC curriculum in which learners' responses to a preeducation self-assessment of knowledge, skills, and attitudes resulted in receipt of a personalized curriculum. Upon completion of the assessment, each learner received a personalized curriculum, which included up to 5 distinct activities selected to address identified knowledge and practice gaps. Feedback was provided at the completion of each activity. ResultsNinety-two oncologists completed an individualized learning plan. Analysis shows that completion of the learning plan was associated with a high effect size (d = .70). Significant increases were seen in oncologists' ability to correctly identify the rationale for determining histological subtype (13% increase), prevalence of genetic abnormalities (21% increase, p = .04), appropriate use of maintenance therapy (31% increase, p = .01), and appropriate treatment regimens for squamous cell carcinoma (19% increase, p = .003) and of adenocarcinoma (44% increase, p < .001). DiscussionThis study demonstrates the feasibility and impact of a personalized targeted curriculum for improving the competence of oncologists treating patients with advanced NSCLC."""
NaN		856	"Heye, M. L. and K. R. Stevens (2009). """"Using New Resources to Teach Evidence-Based Practice."""" Journal of Nursing Education 48(6): 334-339."""""	" This article describes an innovative strategy used to teach evidence-based practice (EBP) concepts in an undergraduate research course and explains the underlying framework used to design the strategy. The strategy for the Evidence-Based Practice Project was based on new resources: undergraduate nursing student competencies for EBP, national health care improvement priorities, evidence rating systems, and a model of knowledge transformation for EBP. Groups of students selected a priority area, categorized and critically appraised the evidence supporting the recommendation for change in health care practice, and compared the recommendation to actual practice. An oral and poster presentation of the project provided the opportunity to discuss the significance, influence, and strength of the evidence supporting the recommendation to change health care practice. Student presentations and faculty perceptions of the project indicated beginning competencies in EBP were achieved."""
NaN		857	"Hibbert, K., et al. (2014). """"The Quest for Effective Interdisciplinary Graduate Supervision: A Critical Narrative Analysis."""" Canadian Journal of Higher Education 44(2): 85-104."""""	" Interdisciplinarity is a pervasive trend in 21st-century knowledge building and innovation. It is predicated on the recognition that creative solutions to the world's increasingly complex problems require the intersection of diverse expertise. Little scholarly attention has been directed towards how the new interdisciplinary (ID) model is influencing the processes and outcomes of graduate research training. In a qualitative study informed by critical narrative analysis and conducted at one institution, we investigate the epistemological, structural, and relational factors that shape ID doctoral research supervision, explore how differing knowledge cultures and values are negotiated in supervisory practices, and consider how established structures and discourses influence the processes and outcomes of these supervisory relationships."""
NaN		858	"Higgins, C. (2016). """"The Promise, Pitfalls, and Persistent Challenge of Action Research."""" Ethics and Education 11(2): 230-239."""""	" Action research began as an ambitious epistemological and social intervention. As the concept has become reified, packaged for methodology textbooks and professional development workshops, it has degenerated into a cure that may be worse than the disease. The point is not the trivial one that action research, like any practice, sometimes shows up in cheap or corrupt forms. The very idea that action research already exists as a live option is mystifying, distracting us from the deep challenge that action research ultimately represents. Though Joseph Schwab is sometimes credited as a forerunner of action research, it is likely that he would see the new talk of ""the teacher as researcher"""" as indicative of the very epitomization of which he warned. Dewey's new conception of knowledge, action, and communication--and the vision of the teacher as learner it entails--requires nothing short of a radical rethinking of teaching and inquiry, schooling and teacher education. This essay recalls the promise of action research, exploring its pitfalls, and attempts to get clear on the ongoing challenge it represents."""""
NaN		859	"Hill, J. and H. Walkington (2016). """"Developing Graduate Attributes through Participation in Undergraduate Research Conferences."""" Journal of Geography in Higher Education 40(2): 222-237."""""	" Graduate attributes are a framework of skills, attitudes, values and knowledge that graduates should develop by the end of their degree programmes. Adopting a largely qualitative approach and using semi-structured interviews, this paper outlines students' experiences at a national undergraduate research conference over three years and evidences the graduate attributes developed. The students demonstrated intellectual autonomy, repurposing their work for presentation to a multidisciplinary audience through conversation with and benchmarking against peers. They gained confidence in expressing their identity as researchers and moved towards self-authorship, consciously balancing the contextual nature of their disciplinary knowledge with intra-personally grounded goals and values."""
NaN		860	"Hillyard, P. (2007). """"Law's empire: Socio-legal empirical research in the twenty-first century."""" Journal of Law and Society 34(2): 266-279."""""	" The first section of this paper provides a description of the main findings and recommendations of the report of the Nuffield Inquiry on Empirical Legal Research, conducted by Professors Hazel Genn, Martin Partington, and Sally Wheeler. Professor Michael Adler also published a paper specifically on research training, and the section also draws upon some of his analysis. The second section gives more context to the report by presenting some data on the increasing penetration of law into all aspects of our lives. The third section takes a critical look at the recommendations and suggests that developing a research capacity in empirical socio-legal research is not going to be easy."""
NaN		861	"Himmelstein, J. and A. B. Bindman (2013). """"Advancing the university mission through partnerships with state Medicaid programs."""" Academic Medicine 88(11): 1606-1608."""""	" State Medicaid programs are playing an increasingly important role in the U.S. health care system and represent a major expenditure as well as a major source of revenue for state budgets. The size and complexity of these programs will only increase with the implementation of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Yet, many state Medicaid programs lack the resources and breadth of expertise to maximize the value of their programs not only for their beneficiaries but also for all those served by the health care system. Universities, especially those with medical schools and other health science programs, can serve as valuable partners in helping state Medicaid programs achieve higher levels of performance, including designing and implementing new approaches for monitoring the effectiveness and outcomes of health services and developing and sharing knowledge about program outcomes. In turn, universities can expand their role in public policy decision making while taking advantage of opportunities for additional research, training, and funding. As of 2013, approximately a dozen universities have developed formal agreements to provide faculty and care delivery resources to support their state Medicaid programs. These examples offer a road map for how others might approach developing similar, mutually beneficial partnerships. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		862	"Hinojosa, A. S., et al. (2017). """"A review of cognitive dissonance theory in management research: Opportunities for further development."""" Journal of Management 43(1): 170-199."""""	" Since its introduction to the social psychology literature 60 years ago, Festinger’s cognitive dissonance theory (CDT) has been frequently applied to the management literature to explain and predict the motivational nature of dissonance in producing attitude and behavior change in managerial decision making and the broader organizational context. Yet many of the popular constructs that stem from CDT have since lost touch with more recent developments in the field of origin. In this paper, we provide a review of the key constructs and predictions associated with CDT from Festinger’s early work to the latest developments. We then review key management research that has incorporated CDT. Drawing from the latest refinements to CDT, we describe how future management studies could benefit by integrating these refinements into their theoretical frameworks, rather than simply relying on Festinger’s seminal work on the 60th anniversary of its publication (1957). (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		863	"Hirst, R. A., et al. (2014). """"Two-Year Community: Cultivating the STEM Transfer Pathway and Capacity for Research: A Partnership between a Community College and a 4-Year College."""" Journal of College Science Teaching 43(4): 12-17."""""	" Summer research experiences have been identified as important vehicles for fostering the learning, skill development, and retention of undergraduates in the sciences. In this initiative, community college faculty and students partnered with private 4-year college colleagues on summer research in order to expand the capacity for research for community college faculty and to cultivate a STEM (science technology, engineering, and mathematics) transfer pathway. Data from community college students, community college faculty, and 4-year faculty demonstrated that the initiative supported the transfer of community college students in STEM majors and students' future prospects through an expanded sense of science, lab experiences, and aspirations for graduate school. The collaboration also developed capacity for faculty research at the community college. The findings highlighted the burdens of participation for community college students and faculty. The discussion focuses on various ways to adapt research experiences for community colleges and ways to forge sustainable partnerships with 4-year institutions."""
NaN		864	"Hmelo-Silver, C. E., et al. (2007). """"Scaffolding and achievement in problem-based and inquiry learning: A response to Kirschner, Sweller, and Clark (2006)."""" Educational Psychologist 42(2): 99-107."""""	" Comments on the article Why minimal guidance during instruction does not work: An analysis of the failure of constructivist, discovery, problem-based, experiential, and inquiry-based teaching by Kirschner, P. A., Sweller, J., & Clark, R. E. (see record [rid]2006-06011-001[/rid]). Many innovative approaches to education such as problem-based learning (PBL) and inquiry learning (IL) situate learning in problem-solving or investigations of complex phenomena. Kirschner, Sweller, and Clark grouped these approaches together with unguided discovery learning. However, the problem with their line of argument is that IL and PBL approaches are highly scaffolded. In this article, we first demonstrate that Kirschner et al. have mistakenly conflated PBL and IL with discovery learning. We then present evidence demonstrating that PBL and IL are powerful and effective models of learning. Far from being contrary to many of the principles of guided learning that Kirschner et al. discussed, both PBL and IL employ scaffolding extensively thereby reducing the cognitive load and allowing students to learn in complex domains. Moreover, these approaches to learning address important goals of education that include content knowledge, epistemic practices, and soft skills such as collaboration and self-directed learning. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		865	"Hoch, M. A., et al. (2009). """"Assessment of Antioxidant Capacities in Foods: A Research Experience for General Chemistry Students."""" Journal of Chemical Education 86(5): 595-597."""""	" With the booming interest in health food and nutrition, investigations of the antioxidant capacities of various foods have come to the forefront of food science. This general chemistry laboratory curriculum provides students with an opportunity to design and implement their own experiments relating to antioxidants in food. The curriculum is six laboratory periods long, with the first three laboratory periods providing students with the tools to investigate total antioxidant capacity, polyphenolic flavanoid content, and ascorbic acid concentration of samples. In the final three laboratory periods, students review food science literature, develop a hypothesis, design and perform their experiment, and present their findings in a scientific paper. This curriculum provides students with knowledge of UV-vis spectroscopy, high-performance liquid chromatography, food chemistry, and the practice and nature of science. (Contains 1 table and 2 figures.)"""
NaN		866	"Hodge, D., et al. (2008). """"It Takes a Curriculum: Preparing Students for Research and Creative Work."""" Liberal Education 94(3): 6-15."""""	" Technological advances have made research-based learning possible now in ways that were unimaginable in previous generations. Such learning can and, the authors argue, should be at the center of the undergraduate experience. In this article, the authors describe an approach that combines research-based learning with student development theory to offer a more comprehensive model for organizing undergraduate education. They label this approach the Student as Scholar Model, where ""scholar"""" is conceived in terms of an attitude or frame of mind derived from the best traditions of an engaged liberal education. The model operationalizes the Discovery Paradigm, in which scholarship--defined as original research and creative work--extends and transcends classroom learning."""""
NaN		867	"Hodge, F. S., et al. (2010). """"Learning How to Ask: Reflections on Engaging American Indian Research Participants."""" American Indian Culture and Research Journal 34(4): 77-90."""""	" Communication patterns and explanatory processes are culturally specific and not often compatible with research data-gathering approaches. Particularly in areas of medical research and health and health-care behavioral research, indigenous educators and researchers note their frustration when Western paradigms, academic traditions, and medical protocols and terminology are forced upon minority populations. Further, Linda Tuhiwai Smith points out that the term ""research"""" is inextricably linked to European imperialism and colonialism. Questioning the Western model of ethical inquiry, Norman Denzin points out that refusal to """"define indigenous peoples as subjects who have been turned in to the natural objects of white inquiry"""" is at the center of indigenous research. This commentary shares the research experience of behavioral health Native researchers, describes processes, and recommends directions for Native and non-Native researchers in planning for and implementing research that gathers and analyzes stories from Native research participants. Based upon knowledge gained by many years of research with American Indian populations, the authors' reflections of successful approaches to engaging American Indian research participants are discussed in order to assist other researchers in working sensitively with American Indians. (Contains 13 notes.)"""""
NaN		868	"Hodgson, J. and J. Weil (2012). """"Talking about disability in prenatal genetic counseling: A report of two interactive workshops."""" Journal of Genetic Counseling 21(1): 17-23."""""	" Women are commonly offered testing in pregnancy to determine the health of their baby. An important component of informed decision-making about prenatal testing is provision of relevant, accurate, meaningful information concerning the conditions that are being tested for—many of which, such as Down syndrome, are associated with a varying degree of physical and intellectual disability. A range of health professionals, including genetic counselors, may provide information and support throughout the testing process, but available data suggest that discussion of disability is frequently absent or limited. To investigate genetic counselors’ perceptions of this situation and identify potential barriers to discussion we facilitated interactive workshops at the 2007 National Society of Genetic Counselors Annual Education Conference (NSGC) and the 2008 European Meeting on Psychosocial Aspects of Genetics (EMPAG). Working groups identified relevant psychosocial issues and impediments to discussion (NSGC) or used a two-part scenario to promote discussion (EMPAG) and reported findings in notes and a closing plenary discussion. Inductive content analysis revealed that participants considered informed decision making to be a major reason for presenting information about disabilities in prenatal genetic counseling and endorsed the value of including information about daily life with Down syndrome and other disabilities. However, they identified three broad types of impediments to such discussion: counseling issues concerning the most appropriate manner to discuss disability under the complex circumstances of prenatal genetic counseling, less than optimal training and experience in addressing these issues, and perceived limitations in the participants’ knowledge and understanding of life with disability. Our analysis of the responses from the workshop participants and additional thoughts on these issues have led us to develop recommendations for further research, training and clinical practice. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		869	"Hojat, M., et al. (2011). """"Empathic and sympathetic orientations toward patient care: Conceptualization, measurement, and psychometrics."""" Academic Medicine 86(8): 989-995."""""	" Purpose: To develop instruments for measuring empathic and sympathetic orientations in patient care and to provide evidence in support of their psychometrics. Method: Third-year medical students at Jefferson Medical College responded to four clinical vignettes in 2010. For each vignette, students indicated the extent of their agreement with an empathic response (conveying their understanding of patients’ concerns) and with a sympathetic response (sharing patients’ feelings). The authors calculated, based on students’ responses to the clinical vignettes, two measures of empathic and sympathetic orientation. Students also completed the Jefferson Scale of Empathy (JSE) and the Interpersonal Reactivity Index (IRI). Results: Of the 258 students in the class, 201 (78%) responded to all four vignettes and completed the JSE and IRI. The authors confirmed construct validity of the measures of empathic and sympathetic orientation through factor analysis. The empathic orientation was significantly associated with the measure of empathy (as measured by the JSE) but not with measures of sympathy (as measured by specific scales of the IRI). Conversely, sympathetic orientation was significantly associated with measures of sympathy. Thus, these results support the validity of the empathic and sympathetic orientation measures as assessed by four clinical vignettes. Coefficient alphas for the two measures were, respectively, 0.79 and 0.84. Conclusions: The validated measures of empathic and sympathetic orientation provide research opportunities to enhance the understanding of the contributions of empathy and sympathy to physicians’ competence and patient outcomes. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		870	"Holbrook, J., et al. (2014). """"Identifying Teacher Needs for Promoting Education through Science as a Paradigm Shift in Science Education."""" Science Education International 25(2): 39."""""	" This paper identifies an ""education through science"""" philosophy for school science teaching at the secondary level and determines its interrelationship with approaches to student acquisition of key educational competences and the identification of teacher needs to promote meaningful learning during science lessons. Based on the philosophy, factors identified as integral to the PROFILES project (PROFILES, 2010) and aspects related to the teaching approach, the paper sets out to put forward areas of potential teacher professional need and plan for an effective continuous development (CPD) programme to promote teacher's self-efficacy in undertaking teaching through """"education through science,"""" as advocated in PROFILES. From a breakdown of desired students' learning and components related to teacher self-efficacy, the professional needs of teachers are identified by means of a validated Teacher Needs Questionnaire (TNQ), covering identified pedagogical content knowledge and philosophical expectations, together with follow-up interviews with selected teachers. The TNQ/interview outcomes were analysed and used to develop a continuous professional development programme for teachers. Findings show that teacher competences needs were mainly focused on educational theories, assessment, inquiry-based learning and self-reflection, while their self-identified, perceived need for professional development was much wider and support in all potential components were requested. The wide request from teachers made the planning of the CPD more difficult but the various components were interlinked with the competence requirements in the developed CPD programme."""""
NaN		871	"Hollingsworth, H. L. and M. Vandermaas-Peeler (2017). """"‘Almost everything we do includes inquiry’: Fostering inquiry-based teaching and learning with preschool teachers."""" Early Child Development and Care 187(1): 152-167."""""	" Given the increased emphasis on science in early learning standards, two studies were conducted to investigate preschool teachers’ efficacy for teaching science and their inquiry-based teaching practices. Fifty-one teachers completed a survey of their efficacy for teaching science and understanding of inquiry methods. Teachers reported moderate confidence in their abilities, but only 25% of respondents indicated knowledge of most steps of the inquiry process. In a follow-up study, a small group of teachers participated in training sessions followed by in-depth interviews. Most teachers reported implementing the beginning steps of inquiry, such as observing and questioning, within an activity, but rarely reported next steps, such as making predictions and evaluating evidence. Participants identified lack of materials, scheduling, and time constraints as challenges to inquiry-based teaching. Findings highlight the need for professional development, emphasising the integrated, sequential, cyclic nature of the inquiry process to support preschoolers’ complex thinking and reasoning. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		872	"Holman, S. D., et al. (2014). """"US Dental Students' Attitudes Toward Research and Science: Impact of Research Experience."""" Journal of Dental Education 78(3): 334-348."""""	" This study aimed to provide a first nationwide assessment of dental students' attitudes toward the importance of research and its integration into the dental curriculum. For this purpose, the American Association for Dental Research National Student Research Group developed an online survey that was distributed to 89 percent of U.S. dental students in May 2012. The survey consisted of twenty-one Likert-type items divided into three groups: importance of research in dentistry, barriers to research involvement, and exposure to research in the dental curriculum. There were 733 responses (3.9 percent response rate), including students in all stages of education representing fifty-eight out of sixty-one dental schools. Age and race/ethnic distributions corresponded with U.S. dental school enrollees. Results showed that 63 percent of respondents had conducted research before matriculation, and of the 34 percent that participated in research during dental school, only 27 percent were newcomers. Respondents strongly agreed that scientific research enabled their progress in dentistry. Inadequate time in the curriculum was an obstacle they perceived to research involvement during dental school. Respondents agreed that dental curricula emphasize evidence-based practices but may be inadequately teaching biostatistics and research methodologies. Students with research experience tended to have stronger positive opinions about the importance of research in dental education. Efforts to foster research in schools have been well received by students, but several issues remain for enriching dental education through greater involvement of students in research."""
NaN		873	"Holmgren, L. E. (2011). """"Cofielding in Qualitative Interviews: Gender, Knowledge, and Interaction in a Study of (Pro)Feminist Men."""" Qualitative Inquiry 17(4): 364-378."""""	" The article is located within research on cross-gender interviewing and concerns methodological and analytical challenges in a study of (pro) feminist men and seeks to contribute to the literature on interview interaction and the knowledge to be gained from such research experiences. The article discusses the negotiation of interviewer/interviewee interaction, practices of gender and theoretical knowledge along with how this might influence the coconstruction of interview performances. Interviewees reflexively turned narratives into theoretical analysis which turned out to be important aspects of presentation of self and in the doings of gender and feminism. The concept of ""cofielding"""" is introduced to address these interview performances but is suggested to have a wider applicability to studies of researcher/researched relationships characterized by discursive closeness and overlapping positions. Cofielding practices point to how the doings of interviewer/interviewee and power relationships can be performed and negotiated-even played with in the speech act of interview interaction."""""
NaN		874	"Hong, J. E. and F. Stonier (2015). """"GIS In-Service Teacher Training Based on TPACK."""" Journal of Geography 114(3): 108-117."""""	" This article introduces the geographic information systems (GIS) in-service teacher training, focusing on the intersection of technological, pedagogical, and content knowledge (TPACK) for successful implementation of GIS in the classroom. Eleven social studies teachers in Georgia learned GIS technologies, inquiry-based learning, and social studies so that they could create technology-enhanced and inquiry-based lessons using GIS technologies. This article reports participating teachers' opinions and attitudes of the TPACK-based GIS training. It also reports useful pedagogical methods of introducing GIS technologies to students and additional support for teachers to help them use GIS in their classrooms more often."""
NaN		875	"Hopper, L., et al. (2011). """"How primary care dentists perceive and are influenced by research."""" Community Dentistry and Oral Epidemiology 39(2): 97-104."""""	" Introduction: Little is understood as to how primary care dentists alter their clinical practice. Aim: To develop an understanding of how primary care dentists view and use research to inform their clinical practice. Methods: An iterative approach was followed using two methods of data collection. A focus group was undertaken with dentists and researchers who had been involved in primary care dental research. Subsequently phased, qualitative interviews were undertaken with primary care dentists with a range of research experiences. Focus group and interviews were audio-recorded and transcribed verbatim. Six people participated in the focus group. Eighteen dentists participated in the interviews. Interviews were undertaken in four phases until saturation was achieved. Data were analysed using constant comparison. Findings: Evidence-based dentistry was considered the ideal. However, the research base for primary care dentistry was thought to lag behind clinical services, to focus on incorrect endpoints, to disregard the patients' voice and failed to consider the impact of conducting research on dental practices. Dentists modified their clinical practice based upon research, colleagues' opinions, courses and ad hoc personal evaluation. Uptake of research was affected by the ethos of the practice, which determined whether the dentists were early or late adopters of research and financial viability of new interventions. Conclusion: Dentists wanted concise, timely evidence-based guidance to aid their management of patients. Further research needs to be undertaken to understand how to develop an evidence-based culture in primary dental care."""
NaN		876	"Horner, P. S., et al. (2016). """"Social Work Faculty and Undergraduate Research Mentorships."""" Journal of Teaching in Social Work 36(2): 216-230."""""	" Social work faculty scholars lead the field as generators of knowledge that integrates investigative studies with practical social welfare outcomes. As such, the faculty potentially offers undergraduate researchers a different way of envisioning research that extends beyond traditional undergraduate research models. To date, however, no research exists that examines a research mentorship from the perspective of the social work faculty. Here we draw upon a study with 18 faculty at a major midwestern university and evaluate their experiences as mentors in an undergraduate research program. Both quantitative and qualitative survey data were gathered. The most prominent themes in the data were (a) personal and professional enhancement, (b) time management challenges, (c) added value to faculty research, (d) increased sense of connection to the social work community, and (e) need for more preparation and structure. We conclude by suggesting a new rubric for social work researchers that can guide mentorship during the research process."""
NaN		877	"Horrey, W. J., et al. (2011). """"Research needs and opportunities for reducing the adverse safety consequences of fatigue."""" Accident Analysis and Prevention 43(2): 591-594."""""	" Although there has been a significant amount of research on fatigue globally, it remains a major contributor to workplace and highway mortality and morbidity. Given its importance, a Hopkinton Conference was organized to review and discuss the state of knowledge in the area and to define future directions for research aimed at preventing or mitigating the consequences of fatigue. In all, five groups of international contributors produced six articles for this special issue, comprising state of the art reviews, along with a discussion of knowledge gaps and future research needs. In this concluding paper, we capture some of the major outcomes and recommendations from this process. These are organized into five topic areas: the link between fatigue and safety, demographic issues in fatigue, modeling and predicting fatigue, technological approaches to fatigue management, and organizational factors in fatigue management. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		878	"Hosein, A. and N. Rao (2017). """"Students’ reflective essays as insights into student centred-pedagogies within the undergraduate research methods curriculum."""" Teaching in Higher Education 22(1): 109-125."""""	" In higher education, despite the emphasis on student-centred pedagogical approaches, undergraduate research methods pedagogy remains surprisingly teacher-directed. Consequently, it may lead to research methods students assuming that becoming a researcher involves gathering information rather than it being a continuous developmental process. To combat this idea, a reflective student-centred pedagogical approach is evaluated for encouraging students’ development as researchers. In this study, undergraduate research methods students piloted a research method and produced a reflective essay of their research experience. Qualitative analysis of the students’ reflective essay demonstrated that students showed an awareness of both their research skills such as choosing an appropriate research instrument and their researcher identity such as the metacognition of their research competence. Pedagogical approaches that encourage ‘reflection on action’ in the research curriculum can, therefore, help students to articulate their researcher identity and build their research skills confidence and should be actively promoted. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		879	"Hoskisson, P. A., et al. (2015). """"Inspiring STEM undergraduates to tackle the AMR crisis."""" Fems Microbiology Letters 362(18)."""""	" To address the growing problem of antimicrobial resistance (AMR), it is necessary to invest in, inspire and attract future generations of scientists to this research area. Undergraduate education should be a focus for attention and efforts should be made to ensure that students are afforded opportunities to actively engage with AMR. We illustrate how as a topic AMR provides opportunities to deliver effective research-led teaching in addition to traditional teaching methods. We have used a selection of case studies to illustrate how students can be engaged with AMR using a variety of research-led approaches to develop the required skills for biology-centric students. In addition, we indicate how these skills map to the UK Quality Assurance Framework and the Vision and Change report developed by the American Association for the Advancement of Science."""
NaN		880	"Hoskisson, R. E., et al. (2011). """"Revitalizing Entrepreneurship: The Search for New Research Opportunities."""" Journal of Management Studies 48(6): 1141-1168."""""	" Entrepreneurship research has traditionally focused on opportunity recognition and resource formation as processes that foster the emergence of new business ventures, through both the lens of the individual entrepreneur and corporate venturing. Although we observe that research is vibrant in these traditional areas, we also argue that the continued revitalization of the field of entrepreneurship can be fostered through examining opportunities for research in areas such as industry change and competition, inter-organizational cooperation (which has proliferated more recently), university-sponsored entrepreneurship, venture finance, institutional differences that foster entrepreneurship (primarily between different countries), and appropriability regime differences (including legal and regulatory frameworks) that foster entrepreneurial activities and profit appropriation. Besides pointing scholars to new promising directions, we argue for more attention to the transformational role of entrepreneurship itself by issuing a call for more multi-level research efforts that connect the micro-and macro-foundations of entrepreneurship and explore the revitalization-related uncertainties such as the cost of creating an entrepreneurial orientation and whether there is an optimal level."""
NaN		881	"Houser, C., et al. (2014). """"Assessment of Student and Faculty Mentor Perceptions of an International Undergraduate Research Program in Physical Geography."""" Journal of Geography in Higher Education 38(4): 582-594."""""	" In this study, we assess whether students and their faculty mentors in a Research Experience for Undergraduates program have similar perceptions about the relative importance of different outcomes of their study abroad experience. Results of a Q-analysis reveal a significant difference of opinion between the students and the faculty mentors. It is argued that the faculty mentors need to spend more time in the field with their students and recognize that undergraduate research provides students with skills and a confidence to conduct research in the future, rather than personal and professional development, and the ability to think like a scientist."""
NaN		882	"Houser, C., et al. (2015). """"Effectiveness of Geosciences Exploration Summer Program (GeoX) for Increasing Awareness and Knowledge of Geosciences."""" Journal of Geoscience Education 63(2): 116-126."""""	" Summer research experiences are an increasingly popular means of increasing awareness of, and developing interest in, the geosciences and other science, technology, engineering, and math programs. We describe and report the preliminary results of a 1-wk Geosciences Exploration Summer Program in the College of Geosciences at Texas A&M University to introduce high-school students to opportunities and careers in the geosciences. Short-term indicators in the form of preprogram and postprogram surveys of participants and their parents suggest that there is an increase in participant understanding of geosciences and interest in pursuing a degree in the geosciences. The participants and their parents had relatively limited knowledge of the geosciences at the start of the program, and very few had a friend or acquaintance employed in the geosciences, despite the importance of geosciences to the state economy. Postprogram survey results suggest that the students had an improved and nuanced understanding of the geosciences and the career opportunities within the field. A survey of the parents several months after the program had ended suggests that the parents had greater awareness of the geosciences through conversations with the participants or their own research. Although the influence of the parents on a students' decision to study geoscience is unclear and merits further investigation, it is concluded that future offerings of this and similar programs should engage the parents to ensure that the geosciences are recognized as a potential academic and career path."""
NaN		883	"Howard, A., et al. (2015). """"Process observations from an Australian cooperative inquiry project aimed at improving undergraduate student's experience."""" Qualitative Social Work: Research and Practice 14(6): 776-793."""""	" This paper reports on a collaborative student-for-student research project conducted in 2012, which aimed to improve the first year experience for students at one Australian University. A cooperative inquiry group was established to focus on the issues experienced by first year students from low socio-economic backgrounds, raise critical consciousness, question existing ideological constructs and develop a response to the identified issues in the form of a V-pod. Thematic analysis of recorded data from meetings and written data from group wiki pages revealed three key themes related to: sharing experience, sharing power and sharing time. Findings suggest a clear place for cooperative inquiry in the higher educational sector, but this must be supported by the time and space to establish collaborative relationships. When academics and students recast their roles as ‘the researcher’ and ‘the researched’ in the pursuit of co-created knowledge they are more able to rally against structural barriers and produce more meaningful outcomes. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		884	"Howitt, C., et al. (2011). """"""""It's a Mystery!"""": A Case Study of Implementing Forensic Science in Preschool as Scientific Inquiry."""" Australasian Journal of Early Childhood 36(3): 45-55."""""	" Children have immense curiosity, a thirst for knowledge and a questioning attitude. They are innate scientists. The challenge for early childhood educators is to fuel this curiosity through the provision of appropriate learning experiences and an engaging environment within early learning centres. This paper presents a detailed case study of how a pre-service teacher implemented forensic science as a form of scientific inquiry, in a preschool classroom for four-year-old children. Using the theme of ""We're going on a (forensic) bear hunt!,"""" a series of integrated and engaging experiences was delivered that allowed the children to solve the class mystery of who left behind the (bear) footprints. This paper describes the concept, process and skills of scientific inquiry, outlines the basic principle of forensic science, provides a detailed description of the children's learning experiences, and interprets these experiences in relation to developing children's scientific inquiry skills: exploring and predicting, observing and recording, using equipment, using observation as evidence, and representing and communicating. It also illustrates how young children can readily engage in inquiry-based learning""  educators, however, must provide the opportunities and support to stimulate this learning. In summary, the paper argues that a complex topic such as forensic science can be successfully implemented with young children, highlighting the competence of these children. (Contains 5 tables and 4 figures.)"""
NaN		885	"Howitt, S., et al. (2010). """"""""Please Remember We Are Not All Brilliant"""": Undergraduates' Experiences of an Elite, Research-Intensive Degree at a Research-Intensive University."""" Higher Education Research and Development 29(4): 405-420."""""	" Undergraduate research experiences are being incorporated into degree programs with increasing frequency. However, there has been little study into their effectiveness in preparing students for research or into the learning gains that students realise from one or more research experiences. We surveyed science students in an elite, research-based undergraduate degree program at a research-intensive university. These students complete six research projects during their degree and we aimed to delineate factors that students perceive as leading to either good or bad experiences. Two factors stand out as contributing to a successful research experience: the supervisor, with students reporting both pedagogic and affective benefits of good supervision  and the feeling that they are doing authentic science. Surprisingly, given the research-intensive nature of this degree, the learning gains students report relate to both an appreciation of what research is like and life skills, such as time management, rather than scientific thinking skills. (Contains 6 tables and 2 figures.)"""
NaN		886	"Hsu, L. (2014). """"An Epistemological Analysis of the Application of an Online Inquiry-Based Program in Tourism Education."""" Australasian Journal of Educational Technology 30(1): 61-79."""""	" This paper was designed to investigate the application of an online inquiry-based program to European tourism from an epistemological perspective. Fifty tourism students (n = 50) participated in this study and their epistemological beliefs were measured with the Epistemological Belief Scale. A set of pre-, post-, and delayed tests were utilised to assess each participant's learning outcomes. The results showed that online inquiry-based learning (IBL) did change the participants' epistemological beliefs significantly, with a large effect size (Cohen's d) of 0.83. However, correlation analyses indicated that the relationship between an individual's epistemological beliefs before and after the online IBL experience, and the differences of pre- and post-tests, is rather low (? = 0.287). Yet, the association between their changed epistemological beliefs and the delayed test was higher (? = 0.556). These results suggest the possible effectiveness of online IBL in helping tourism students' develop more sophisticated epistemological beliefs, which may not be able to help learners comprehend the subject matter immediately but may facilitate better long-term retention."""
NaN		887	"Hsu, Y. S., et al. (2015). """"A Design Model of Distributed Scaffolding for Inquiry-Based Learning."""" Research in Science Education 45(2): 241-273."""""	" This study presents a series of three experiments that focus on how distributed scaffolding influences learners' conceptual understanding and reasoning from combined levels of triangulation, at the interactive level (discourses within a focus group) and the collective level (class). Three inquiry lessons on plate tectonics (LPT) were designed, implemented and redesigned to explore how students responded to the scaffoldings provided. The results show that the goal-oriented version (LPT3) was significantly more effective at helping students develop an understanding of plate tectonics and evidence-based reasoning than the teacher-led (LPT1) and deconstructed (LPT2) versions (chi (2) = 11.56, p < 0.003). In LPT3, we can identify three key features of the scaffolding: an advanced organizer, deconstruction of complex tasks, and reflection on the whole inquiry cycle at the end of class time. In addition, LPT3 took much less teaching time. In other words, it appears to be effective and efficient, most likely due to synergies between teacher facilitation and lesson scaffolds. The empirical results clarify the functions of the design model proposed for distributed scaffolding: navigating inquiry, structuring tasks, supporting communication, and fostering reflection. Future studies should more closely evaluate the scaffolding system as a whole and synergies between different types of scaffolds for advancing learning."""
NaN		888	"Hu, H. H. and T. D. Shepherd (2013). """"Using POGIL to Help Students Learn to Program."""" ACM Transactions on Computing Education 13(3)."""""	" POGIL has been successfully implemented in a scientific computing course to teach science students how to program in Python. Following POGIL guidelines, the authors have developed guided inquiry activities that lead student teams to discover and understand programming concepts. With each iteration of the scientific computing course, the authors have refined the activities and learned how to better adapt POGIL for the computer science classroom. This article details how POGIL activities differ from both traditional computer science labs and other active-learning pedagogies. Background is provided on POGIL's effectiveness. The article then includes a full description of how POGIL activities were used in the scientific computing course, as well as an example POGIL activity on recursion. Discussion is provided on how to facilitate and develop POGIL activities. Quotes from student evaluations and an assessment on how well students learned to program are provided."""
NaN		889	"Hu, J., et al. (2012). """"Synthesis of an Ionic Liquid and Its Application as Template for the Preparation of Mesoporous Material MCM-41: A Comprehensive Experiment for Undergraduate Students."""" Journal of Chemical Education 89(2): 284-285."""""	" A new solvent-free microwave experiment to synthesize the ionic liquid 1-hexadecyl-3-methylimidazolium bromide (HDMIm-Br) in high yield is presented. The structure is confirmed by IR and H-1 NMR spectra. FIDMIm-Br is then used to prepare an organic-inorganic mesoporous material MCM-41. The microscopic arrangements of mesoporous materials MCM-41 are studied using X-ray diffraction (XRD) and transmission electron microscopy (TEM). This experiment is a modification of previously reported methods for synthesizing the ionic liquid. More importantly, the comprehensive experiment helps the students design and deal with reactions reasonably and highlights the difference between basic experiments and academic research, which is useful to develop a student's reasoning and experimental skills."""
NaN		890	"Hu, Q. R., et al. (2015). """"A Smart Home Test Bed for Undergraduate Education to Bridge the Curriculum Gap From Traditional Power Systems to Modernized Smart Grids."""" IEEE Transactions on Education 58(1): 32-38."""""	" There is a worldwide trend to modernize old power grid infrastructures to form future smart grids, which will achieve efficient, flexible energy consumption by using the latest technologies in communication, computing, and control. Smart grid initiatives are moving power systems curricula toward smart grids. Although the components of smart grids fall within the broader discipline of electrical and computer engineering, undergraduate students are rarely assigned single design projects that require classic power systems knowledge combined with communication, computing, and control. Therefore, as a significant step toward potential curriculum changes, this paper presents such a project, a smart home test bed based on the pedagogical model of project-based learning (PBL) for undergraduate education. The proposed test bed allows undergraduates to gain key knowledge in smart grid topics, such as flattening demand peaks, real-time price response, wireless sensor networks, machine learning, pattern recognition, embedded system programming, user interface design, circuit design, and databases. This is well aligned with smart grid initiatives and provides a platform for students to develop their creativity in engineering design. It also offers real-life examples to be used for raising general public awareness of energy conservation."""
NaN		891	"Huang, H., et al. (2016). """"Enquiry-based learning designed for transient response of dynamic circuits in electric circuits course."""" International Journal of Electrical Engineering Education 53(2): 137-144."""""	" According to enquiry-based learning theory and experiences in teaching Electric Circuits course, this paper presents a problem-based teaching model designed for transient response of dynamic circuits. Guided by some questions designed by teachers, students go through three processes: enquiry-based teaching and learning, problem-based simulation, and enquiry-based seminar. The knowledge of dynamic circuits is taught, and the circumstance of scientific enquiry is also set up to help students' research. It is proved that the model can help students to understand knowledge much better, and it can also develop their ability of self-exploration."""
NaN		892	"Huang, Y. P., et al. (2011). """"An adaptive knowledge evolution strategy for finding near-optimal solutions of specific problems."""" Expert Systems with Applications 38(4): 3806-3818."""""	" Most real-world problems cannot be mathematically defined and/or structured modularly for peer researchers in the same community to facilitate their work. This is partially because there are no concrete defined methods that can help researchers clearly describe their problems and partially because one method fits one problem but does not apply to others. In order to apply someone's research results to new domains and for researchers to collaborate with each other more efficiently, a well-defined architecture with self-adaptive evolution strategies is proposed. It can automatically find the best solutions from existing knowledge and previous research experiences. The proposed architecture is based on object-oriented programming skills that in turn become foundations of the community interaction evolution strategy and knowledge sharing mechanism. They make up an autonomous evolution mechanism using a progressive learning strategy and a common knowledge packaging definition. The architecture defines fourteen highly modular classes that allow users to enhance collaboration with others in the same or similar research community. The presented evolution strategies also integrate the merits of users' predefined algorithms, group interaction and learning theory to approach the best solutions of specific problems. Finally, resource limitation problems are tackled to verify both the re-usability and flexibility of the proposed work. Our results show that even without using any specific tuning of the problems, optimal or near-optimal solutions are feasible. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		893	"Hudson, K. D. and E. J. Richardson (2016). """"Centering power, positionality, and emotional labor in a Master of Social Work research course: Perspectives from a student and instructor."""" Qualitative Social Work: Research and Practice 15(3): 414-427."""""	" This paper presents a case study of a student and instructor’s experience in a foundational research course in a Master of Social Work (MSW) program at a major university. As part of this course, students are asked to design and implement an original, practice-informed research project. One student had a particularly complex, affective response to her research project. In response to the student’s experience in the course, the instructor reconceptualized the major course assignment, drawing from the feminist concept of emotional labor, so that it would be responsive and relevant to the student’s learning. This instance of educational individualization allowed the student to take inventory of and critically reflect on her enhanced awareness of self, positionality, and power structures personally, professionally, and as a researcher, through an autoethnographic narrative and critical analysis. A central finding of this case study is that attention to the emotional labor of research opens up space for ways of knowing and learning beyond positivist, inflexible, and narrowly imagined competency-based paradigms. Moreover, this case study demonstrates the possibilities of qualitative research in accessing and exploring the affective research experience. Finally, this paper argues that emotional labor is a critical aspect of learning, teaching, and practicing research that ought to be fully considered and addressed across all approaches to inquiry, particularly those concerned with social justice. Recommendations for conceptualizing and teaching social work research courses are offered, including those related to course structure, curricular sequencing and the integration of content on epistemology and emotional labor. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		894	"Huffling, L., et al. (2014). """"Using Mobile Devices in Field Science."""" Science Teacher 81(6): 35-40."""""	" Students today need advanced tools and competencies to succeed in the global economy. Technology can provide students with critical learning experiences but is often affordable only to affluent students. All students, regardless of socioeconomic status, deserve to use technology to create and innovate, communicate and collaborate, and gain the 21st-century skills they need to be successful inside and outside the classroom. Integrating technology into instruction also helps science teachers incorporate the ""Next Generation Science Standards"""" (NGSS Lead States 2013) into the curriculum. Students can use technology to develop and use models""  plan and carry out investigations  analyze and interpret data "" and obtain, evaluate, and communicate information. Mobile devices, in particular, can supply many of the scientific tools needed for investigations in the life and Earth sciences through a wide array of available applications, or """"apps,"""" for such things as weather, geographic positioning, and identification. This article describes the authors' attempts to use technology to provide more authentic and engaging data-collection methods for students. The context is a herpetology research experience (HRE) sponsored by the National Science Foundation that provides diverse high school students with many """"first-time"""" experiences--in this case, not only with reptiles and amphibians, or herps, but also with technology use as a scientific practice."""""
NaN		895	"Hughes, A., et al. (2013). """"Academic, professional, and community outcomes of a faculty-mentored BASW research experience."""" The Journal of Baccalaureate Social Work 17(17): 133-147."""""	" This article examines the perceptions of bachelor of arts in social work (BASW) students engaged in faculty- mentored research projects. Students worked with faculty mentors on various research projects over the course of an academic year. The study assessed the effect of this experience on multiple factors such as skill improvement, interest in research, and perceptions of research. The research team developed a survey to collect both quantitative and qualitative data from participants. BASW students reported that the research mentorship was beneficial, with the majority reporting improved research skills, increased understanding of research, and a stronger connection to the social work research community. The research team identifies changes that could improve the experience and makes suggestions for future programming and research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		896	"Hull, L., et al. (2012). """"Building global capacity for patient safety: A training program for surgical safety research in developing and transitional countries."""" International Journal of Surgery 10(9): 493-499."""""	" Background: Recent studies show a significant rate of adverse events in hospitalized patients in developing/transitional countries e with approximately 18% of them related to surgical procedures. Understanding and preventing these errors requires adequate training in patient safety research methods e however, relevant training programs are currently lacking. We developed, delivered and evaluated a training program to address this gap. Methods: A one-day training program was developed based on the recently published WHO core competencies for patient safety research. The focus was on surgical patient safety research e including human factors, operating room (OR) teamwork, the OR environment, and safety culture. Feasibility, relevance and preliminary evaluation of the program ('proof of concept' testing) was conducted in Bogota, Colombia in July 2011. A validated evaluation framework was utilized, assessing participants' objective knowledge, attitudes, and observational skills. Results: 30 postgraduate students from a range of clinical/non-clinical disciplines signed up and 17 attended the program. Participants' knowledge of surgical patient safety significantly improved upon program completion (Mean pre-course = 55% vs. Mean post-course = 68%, P < 0.01), as did their confidence and understanding of problems and methodologies to assess OR patient safety, and teamwork issues (P < 0.05). Observational skills in recognizing safety-related behaviors using OTAS (i.e., quality of teamwork) improved on qualitative evaluation. Conclusions: We have developed a viable, WHO-driven training program that can be delivered to clinical and non-clinical researchers to develop their competencies and thereby build capacity in developing/transitional countries to carry out surgical safety research. All program materials are available in English and Spanish for research, training and dissemination. (C) 2012 Surgical Associates Ltd. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		897	"Huma, A. (2016). """"Cultural Scripts Resist Reforms in Teacher Education."""" Journal of Education and Practice 7(18): 26-31."""""	" As a part of a huge intervention in teacher education programs in Pakistan the author had a firsthand experience of how the ""habits of mind"""" hinder in changing the practices and cultures of teachers and institutions respectively. It has been a part of traditional teaching in Pakistan that only one text book is followed by teachers and students as the only source of knowledge. This not only provides limited knowledge but also inculcates the habit of rote memorization and reproduction of text in exams. No critical thinking and critical pedagogy is adopted. It was tried in the Pre-STEP initiative by USAID and HEC to change this culture at the teacher education institutions. New course guides were developed to initiate research based teaching and learning. The researcher talked to the teacher educators at six institutions twice with a gap of six months to see how they adopted the new culture and what stopped them to change their practices. This paper highlights and identifies what aspects of sociology of teaching stop teacher educators in Pakistan from adopting innovative modes of teaching."""""
NaN		898	"Hume, A. and R. Coll (2010). """"Authentic student inquiry: the mismatch between the intended curriculum and the student-experienced curriculum."""" Research in Science & Technological Education 28(1): 43-62."""""	" As a means of achieving scientific literacy goals in society, the last two decades have witnessed international science curriculum redevelopment that increasingly advocates a 'new look' inquiry-based approach to learning. This paper reports on the nature of the student-experienced curriculum where secondary school students are learning under a national curriculum that is intent on promoting students' knowledge and capabilities in authentic scientific inquiry, that is, inquiry that properly reflects that practiced by members of scientific communities. Using a multiple case study approach, this study found that layers of curriculum interpretation from several 'sites of influence' both outside and inside of the schools have a strong bearing on the curriculum enacted by teachers and actually experienced by the students, and runs counter to the aims of the national curriculum policy. Over-emphasis on fair testing limits students' exposure to the full range of methods that scientists use in practice, and standards-based assessment using planning templates, exemplar assessment schedules and restricted opportunities for full investigations in different contexts tends to reduce student learning about experimental design to an exercise in 'following the rules'. These classroom realities have implications for students' understanding of the nature of authentic scientific inquiry and support claims that school science is still far removed from real science."""
NaN		899	"Humes, W. (2007). """"The Infrastructure of Educational Research in Scotland."""" European Educational Research Journal 6(1): 71-86."""""	" This article offers a descriptive and analytical account of the current state of educational research in Scotland, viewed against the background of constitutional change within the United Kingdom and debates about the nature, function and quality of research activity and output. It starts by considering how to undertake the task in hand and argues that it is necessary to draw on a combination of institutional, developmental and interactive approaches. Thereafter the relatively disappointing Scottish results in the 2001 UK Research Assessment Exercise are reported to set the scene for subsequent efforts to improve research capacity. The role of the Scottish Executive in determining research priorities, commissioning projects and using the findings of research in helping to inform policy is outlined, taking account of important structural changes following devolution. A key development has been the Applied Educational Research Scheme (AERS), a collaborative university-led initiative, funded jointly by the Scottish Executive and the Scottish Funding Council (previously the Scottish Higher Education Funding Council). This consists both of substantive research networks and a capacity-building programme of research training for beginning and developing researchers. Established research centres, with different histories and emphases, are described in order to raise issues about the balance between applied research, linked to policy priorities, and fundamental research which seeks to develop new theories and models. The role of the Scottish Educational Research Association, which has links with the British and European Educational Research Associations, is considered. Various attempts by different bodies to promote teacher engagement in research are also described. In the final section an attempt is made to assess what progress has been made. It is concluded that while the overall climate for the conduct of educational research has improved, providing real opportunities to demonstrate the value of research, there remain a number of challenging problems. These include: issues of research quality  inadequate opportunity to undertake fundamental (as distinct from applied) research  tensions between the demands of teacher education programmes and universities' research aspirations "" the risk of """"collaboration"""" becoming """"consensus""""""  and the absence of a developed international perspective. (Contains 1 table.)"""
NaN		900	"Hummers-Pradier, E., et al. (2012). """"General practice-based clinical trials in Germany - a problem analysis."""" Trials 13."""""	" Background: In Germany, clinical trials and comparative effectiveness studies in primary care are still very rare, while their usefulness has been recognised in many other countries. A network of researchers from German academic general practice has explored the reasons for this discrepancy. Methods: Based on a comprehensive literature review and expert group discussions, problem analyses as well as structural and procedural prerequisites for a better implementation of clinical trials in German primary care are presented. Results: In Germany, basic biomedical science and technology is more reputed than clinical or health services research. Clinical trials are funded by industry or a single national programme, which is highly competitive, specialist-dominated, exclusive of pilot studies, and usually favours innovation rather than comparative effectiveness studies. Academic general practice is still not fully implemented, and existing departments are small. Most general practitioners (GPs) work in a market-based, competitive setting of small private practices, with a high case load. They have no protected time or funding for research, and mostly no research training or experience. Good Clinical Practice (GCP) training is compulsory for participation in clinical trials. The group defined three work packages to be addressed regarding clinical trials in German general practice: (1) problem analysis, and definition of (2) structural prerequisites and (3) procedural prerequisites. Structural prerequisites comprise specific support facilities for general practice-based research networks that could provide practices with a point of contact. Procedural prerequisites consist, for example, of a summary of specific relevant key measures, for example on a web platform. The platform should contain standard operating procedures (SOPs), templates, checklists and other supporting materials for researchers. Conclusion: All in all, our problem analyses revealed that a substantial number of barriers contribute to the low implementation of clinical research in German general practice. Some issues are deeply rooted in Germany's market-based healthcare and academic systems and traditions. However, new developments may facilitate change: recent developments in the German research landscape are encouraging."""
NaN		901	"Hund, A. M. and D. Bueno (2015). """"Learning in out-of-class experiences: The importance of professional skills."""" Psychology Learning & Teaching 14(1): 62-69."""""	" Our goal was to document professional skills and attitudes gained via out-of-class teaching and research experiences during the undergraduate years. Qualitative analysis of reflection papers revealed that students noted gains in professional skills, communication skills, interpersonal skills, and intrapersonal skills. Importantly, students also noted gains in understanding content, research methods, and principles related to teaching and learning emerging from their hands-on experiences guided by role models. Students noted that their out-of-class experiences were relevant for their futures. These results may be useful for instructors and administrators seeking to design and implement out-of-class experiences for undergraduate students that facilitate the emergence and refinement of professional skills and attitudes, growth in understanding, and lifelong application of learning. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		902	"Hunter, A.-B., et al. (2007). """"Becoming a Scientist: The Role of Undergraduate Research in Students' Cognitive, Personal, and Professional Development."""" Science Education 91(1): 36-74."""""	" In this ethnographic study of summer undergraduate research (UR) experiences at four liberal arts colleges, where faculty and students work collaboratively on a project of mutual interest in an apprenticeship of authentic science research work, analysis of the accounts of faculty and student participants yields comparative insights into the structural elements of this form of UR program and its benefits for students. Comparison of the perspectives of faculty and their students revealed considerable agreement on the nature, range, and extent of students' UR gains. Specific student gains relating to the process of 'becoming a scientist' were described and illustrated by both groups. Faculty framed these gains as part of professional socialization into the sciences. In contrast, students emphasized their personal and intellectual development, with little awareness of their socialization into professional practice. Viewing study findings through the lens of social constructivist learning theories demonstrates that the characteristics of these UR programs, how faculty practice UR in these colleges, and students' outcomes--including cognitive and personal growth and the development of a professional identity--strongly exemplify many facets of these theories, particularly, student-centered and situated learning as part of cognitive apprenticeship in a community of practice. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		903	"Hunter, P. R., et al. (2014). """"Needs assessment to strengthen capacity in water and sanitation research in Africa: experiences of the African SNOWS consortium."""" Health Research Policy and Systems 12."""""	" Background: Despite its contribution to global disease burden, diarrhoeal disease is still a relatively neglected area for research funding, especially in low-income country settings. The SNOWS consortium (Scientists Networked for Outcomes from Water and Sanitation) is funded by the Wellcome Trust under an initiative to build the necessary research skills in Africa. This paper focuses on the research training needs of the consortium as identified during the first three years of the project. Methods: We reviewed the reports of two needs assessments. The first was a detailed needs assessment led by one northern partner, with follow-up visits which included reciprocal representation from the African universities. The second assessment, led by another northern partner, focused primarily on training needs. The reports from both needs assessments were read and stated needs were extracted and summarised. Results: Key common issues identified in both assessments were supervisory skills, applications for external research funding, research management, and writing for publication in the peer-reviewed scientific literature. The bureaucratisation of university processes and inconsistencies through administration processes also caused problems. The lack of specialist laboratory equipment presented difficulties, particularly of inaccessibility through a lack of skilled staff for operation and maintenance, and of a budget provision for repairs and running costs. The lack of taught PhD modules and of research training methods also caused problems. Institutionally, there were often no mechanisms for identifying funding opportunities. On the other hand, grantees were often unable to understand or comply with the funders' financial and reporting requirements and were not supported by their institution. Skills in staff recruitment, retention, and performance were poor, as were performance in proposal and paper writing. The requirements for ethical clearance were often not known and governance issues not understood, particularly those required by funders. Conclusions: SNOWS believes that working with African universities to develop networks that support African-led research driven by the local context is an effective approach to develop and retain research skills needed to change policy and practice in water, sanitation, and hygiene in Africa."""
NaN		904	"Hurd, D. D. (2008). """"A Microcosm of the Biomedical Research Experience for Upper-Level Undergraduates."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 7(2): 210-219."""""	" The skill set required of biomedical researchers continues to grow and evolve as biology matures as a natural science. Science necessitates creative yet critical thinking, persuasive communication skills, purposeful use of time, and adeptness at the laboratory bench. Teaching these skills can be effectively accomplished in an inquiry-based, active-learning environment at a primarily undergraduate institution. Cell Biology Techniques, an upper-level cell biology laboratory course at St. John Fisher College, features two independent projects that take advantage of the biology of the nematode ""Caenorhabditis elegans"""", a premier yet simple model organism. First, students perform a miniature epigenetic screen for novel phenotypes using RNA interference. The results of this screen combined with literature research direct students toward a singe gene that they attempt to subclone in the second project. The biology of the chosen gene/protein also becomes an individualized focal point with respect to the content of the laboratory. Progress toward course goals is evaluated using written, oral, and group-produced assignments, including a concept map. Pre- and postassessment indicates a significant increase in the understanding of broad concepts in cell biological research. (Contains 1 table and 4 figures.)"""""
NaN		905	"Hurd, M. W., et al. (2011). """"SYNAPSE, Symposium for Young Neuroscientists and Professors of the Southeast: A one-day, regional neuroscience meeting focusing on undergraduate research."""" The Journal of Undergraduate Neuroscience Education 9(2): A75-A83."""""	" The Symposium for Young Neuroscientists and Professors of the Southeast (SYNAPSE  synapse.cofc.edu) was designed to encourage contacts among faculty and students interested in neuroscience. Since its inception in 2003, the SYNAPSE conference has consistently drawn faculty and undergraduate interest from the region. This unique meeting provides undergraduates with a valuable opportunity for neuroscience education  students interact with noted neuroscience faculty, present research results, obtain feedback from neuroscientists at other institutions, and form connections with other neuroscientists in the region. Additionally, SYNAPSE allows undergraduate students and faculty to attend workshops and panel discussions about issues related to professional skills and career options. The SYNAPSE conference currently travels among host institutions in the southeastern United States in two-year cycles. This article briefly describes the genesis of SYNAPSE and reviews SYNAPSE conferences from 2006 through 2010. The goal of this paper is to highlight key issues organizers have experienced launching, sustaining, and hosting this regional undergraduate neuroscience conference as well as assist faculty to develop similar conferences. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		906	"Hutchins, K. L. and P. J. Friedrichsen (2012). """"Science Faculty Belief Systems in a Professional Development Program: Inquiry in College Laboratories."""" Journal of Science Teacher Education 23(8): 867-887."""""	" The purpose of this study was to investigate how science faculty members' belief systems about inquiry-based teaching changed through their experience in a professional development program. The program was designed to support early career science faculty in learning about inquiry and incorporating an inquiry-based approach to teaching laboratories. Data sources for this qualitative study included three semi-structured interviews, observations during the program and during faculty members' implementation in their courses, and a researcher's journal. In the first phase of data analysis, we created profiles for each of the four participants. Next, we developed assertions, and tested for confirming and disconfirming evidence across the profiles. The assertions indicated that, through the professional development program, participants' knowledge and beliefs about inquiry-based teaching shifted, placing more value on student-directed learning and classroom inquiry. Participants who were internally motivated to participate and held incoming positive attitudes toward the mini-journal inquiry-based approach were more likely to incorporate the approach in their future practice. Students' responses played a critical role in participants' belief systems and their decision to continue using the inquiry-based format. The findings from this study have implications for professional development design."""
NaN		907	"Hutchinson, T. (2008). """"DEVELOPING LEGAL RESEARCH SKILLS: EXPANDING THE PARADIGM."""" Melbourne University Law Review 32(3): 1065-1095."""""	" This article explores the development of tertiary legal research skills education in Australia in the underlying context of Australian legal education and the transformation of legal research resulting from advances in information technology. It argues that legal research is a fundamental skill for lawyers and that research training in a law degree must cater for the vocational needs of the individual student whether their ultimate focus is practice or higher degree research. It argues that the traditional doctrinal paradigm of legal research is no longer sufficient for modern lawyers and that exposure to additional methodologies needs to be included in research training units. This article argues that while legal research skills education has changed, it must continue to develop in order to better cater for the needs of students, the profession and the academy in the contemporary legal environment."""
NaN		908	"Huynh, L. and P. Rhodes (2011). """"Why Do People Choose to Become Psychologists? A Narrative Inquiry."""" Psychology Teaching Review 17(2): 64-70."""""	" Research suggests that mental health professionals have more problematic family backgrounds than those in other professions, but little is known about the role that early experience has on career choice. This is of particular importance for the education of psychologists, given the current emphasis on skills and research training and the call for a greater focus on personal development. This study aimed to explore connections between distressing events and career choice, using a qualitative narrative inquiry research design. Fifteen students participated, each undertaking junior psychology courses. For many distressing experiences in childhood, adolescence or early adulthood were directly related to career choice, supporting the development of empathy for others and inspiring them through both good and bad encounters with helping professionals. While a majority of participants followed this route to psychology training others were inspired by positive experiences, particularly in the satisfaction and the recognition of personal suitability gained from a variety of helping roles. More research is required, to assess the personal development needs of students, to map their occupational prognoses and to trial personal development initiatives in university settings."""
NaN		909	"Hvenegaard, G., et al. (2013). """"Exploring the Dynamics of Directed Studies Courses: Student, Instructor, and Administrator Perspectives."""" Canadian Journal for the Scholarship of Teaching and Learning 4(2): 22."""""	" North American universities are encouraged to increase opportunities for undergraduate research experiences (UREs). To this end, many universities offer directed studies courses (DSCs) which are 1-2 semester long courses involving one-on-one instruction, with a focus on student-led independent research. Building on the understanding of dynamics generally related to UREs, this paper seeks to compare the motivations, benefits, and barriers specifically related to DSCs from student, instructor, and administrator perspectives. Based on a set of qualitative focus group discussions at a small undergraduate liberal arts institution, we present the similarities and differences in these perspectives and recommend a set of best practices for DSCs. All three groups reported motivations for engaging in a DSC that addressed working with a particular student or instructor, assistance with graduate school preparation, and meeting program requirements. In terms of perceived benefits of DSCs, both students and instructors indicated the mentoring relationship and practical outcomes arising from DSCs. Students recognized the benefits of developing research skills, but stressed the motivation and benefit of independent learning more than was found in other studies. Instructors focused on benefits of research engagement and relationship building. The major challenges to participating in DSCs were workload and time (all groups), unprepared students and lack of guidelines (instructors and administrators), and the oral presentation requirement and lack of information about DSCs (students). Based on these results, we suggest increased clarity in DSC expectations, consistent standards of quality, and promoting research processes common to the DSC's home discipline."""
NaN		910	"Hwang, G. J., et al. (2015). """"A contextual game-based learning approach to improving students' inquiry-based learning performance in social studies courses."""" Computers & Education 81: 13-25."""""	" Inquiry-based learning, an effective instructional strategy, can be in the form of a problem or task for triggering student engagement. However, how to situate students in meaningful inquiry activities remains to be settled, especially for social studies courses. In this study, a contextual educational computer game is developed to improve students' learning performance based on an inquiry-based learning strategy. An experiment has been conducted on an elementary school social studies course to evaluate the effects of the proposed approach on the inquiry-based learning performances of students with different learning styles. The experimental results indicate that the proposed approach effectively enhanced the students' learning effects in terms of their learning achievement, learning motivation, satisfaction degree and flow state. Furthermore, it is also found that the proposed approach benefited the ""active"""" learning style students more than the """"reflective"""" style students in terms of learning achievement. This suggests the need to provide additional supports to students with particular learning styles in the future. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""""
NaN		911	"Hwang, G.-J., et al. (2015). """"Transforming the educational settings: Innovative designs and applications of learning technologies and learning environments."""" Interactive Learning Environments 23(2): 127-129."""""	" This editorial discusses the innovative designs and applications of learning technologies and learning environments. The objective of this special issue is to provide an opportunity for researchers to share their studies and exchange their research experiences and findings of developing and employing innovative learning environments and learning technologies. The scope of this special issue includes mobile and technology-enhanced learning (TEL), digital game-based learning, innovative applications of TEL, and innovative e-learning strategies or tools. The environments and strategies as well as the research issues presented in the submitted papers had to be thoroughly evaluated via collecting data from practical applications. To ensure the quality of the special issue, all of the submissions have gone through a double-blind review. After three rounds of review, a total of seven papers were accepted. The topics of these accepted papers include mobile learning, digital game-based learning, Mindtools, and epistemic beliefs regarding web information searching. Finally, students’ epistemic beliefs and their judgmental standards of using technologies to acquire knowledge could significantly affect their learning behaviors and outcomes  therefore, it is worth investigating relevant issues and proposing new learning strategies to enhance students’ epistemic beliefs of TEL. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		912	"Iglesias Xamani, M. (2013). """"Practical Implications of a Constructivist Approach to EFL Teaching in a Higher Education Context."""" Journal of University Teaching and Learning Practice 10(2): 18."""""	" Traditional pedagogical approaches may not be the best way to cater for the specific needs of learners in higher education settings, particularly those of university students with special expectations and professional prospects. The question of enhancing language learning awareness as a means of fostering the acquisition of a foreign language certainly is a key issue for future professionals within the tourism industry. This article analyses the introduction of portfolios in the English class through an action-research experience which was carried out among students of a Bachelor's Degree in Tourism and Hospitality Management in Spain. The participants were asked to express their opinions on their progress in terms of key competences, the ability to reflect critically about their strengths/weaknesses, and the importance of taking an active part in their learning process through peer/self assessment."""
NaN		913	Ilin, I. V., et al. (2016). Business Architecture Development and Process and Project Maturity. Emerging Trends in Information Systems: Recent Innovations, Results and Experiences. J. Becker, O. Kozyrev, E. Babkin, V. Taratukhin and N. Aseeva: 51-63.	" Purpose Business architecture is the basis for the development and implementation of information systems. In turn the basis for business architecture are business processes and project portfolio. The article is aimed at the development of theoretical foundation of business architecture design on the basis of such business technologies as business process management and the corporate standard of project management. Design/methodology/approach The article analyses the place and role of business processes and projects within the enterprise architecture as well as the interdependence between maturity levels of process and project management in order to develop the approach to the design of the balanced business architecture of a process and project oriented company. Findings Maturity of project management depends on the maturity of process management. In turn, the maturity of process management is determined by the capabilities of the company to implement projects for the re-engineering of business processes. Development of project and process activity of the company is a mutually conditioned process. Research limitations/implications In their research of the mutual conditionality of maturity of the project and process management, the authors have to rely largely on their research experience, because the process and project management maturity in the literature are reviewed separately. Originality/value The paper's findings extend current knowledge. Its results provide guidance for scholars and practitioners involved in the design and implementation of enterprise architecture. Paper type Research paper"""
NaN		914	"Intrator, S. M. and D. Siegel (2010). """"Project Coach: A Case Study of a College-Community Partnerships as a Venture in Social Entrepreneurship."""" Penn GSE Perspectives on Urban Education 7(1): 66-72."""""	" Project Coach is an after school program developed and directed by the authors. The program, which is set in a high-need urban community in Springfield, Massachusetts, teaches high school and middle school students to be sport coaches and then to run youth sport leagues for elementary-aged youth in underserved neighborhoods in their own community. The program's premise is that sport coaches must employ a complex repertoire of skills, behaviors, and aptitudes that are associated with high achievement and success across a range of domains including school. Project Coach utilizes coaching as the vehicle to teach and practice key achievement skills such as communications, initiative taking, perseverance, conflict resolution, and other leadership capacities. This article describes the story of how eight years ago the authors began with an academic-based research question about the achievement gap and now find themselves running a medium-sized youth program that has three significant goals. First, it is a multi-layered and busy program that operates four afternoons a week with almost eight adult staff, 25 teenagers, and nearly 100-elementary aged youth. Second, it is a Smith College community outreach initiative that provides community service learning placements and other opportunities for numerous college students and research opportunities for other faculty. Third, it serves as a ""laboratory program"""" for developing curriculum, conducting research, and preparing future educators with the skills and understandings that are applicable to working in the emerging field of out-of-school time. The authors' experience developing the model and establishing Project Coach as a successful outreach program that is supported by the college and the community offers one lens into the process of designing sustainable partnerships between higher education and local communities. What is instructive and perhaps generalizable about their story to other faculty involved in the development of community partnerships is that they emerged not as a component of a formalized college initiative, but as an enterprise that grew out of a series of academic and theoretical questions. In reflecting on this journey, the authors believe that the lens of social entrepreneurship helps explain their development."""""
NaN		915	"Isaac, A., et al. (2008). """"Interprofessional relationships between orthopaedic and podiatric surgeons in the UK."""" Annals of the Royal College of Surgeons of England 90(8): 663-670."""""	" INTRODUCTION The first comprehensive report on the interprofessional relationships between foot and ankle surgeons in the MATERIALS AND METHODS A questionnaire was sent to orthopaedic surgeons with membership of the British Foot and Ankle Surgery Society (BOFAS), orthopaedic surgeons not affiliated to the specialist BOFAS and podiatrists specialising in foot surgery. The questionnaire was returned by 77 (49%) of the BOFAS orthopaedic consultant surgeons, 66 (26%) of non-foot and ankle orthopaedic consultant surgeons and 99 (73%) of the podiatric surgeons. RESULTS While most respondents have experience of surgeons working in the other specialty in close geographical proximity, the majority do not believe that this has adversely affected their referral base. The experience of podiatrists of the outcomes of orthopaedic surgery has been more positive than orthopaedic surgeons of podiatric interventions. Podiatrists are more welcoming of future orthopaedic involvement in future foot and ankle services than in reverse. However, there are a sizeable number of surgeons in both professions who would like to see closer professional liaisons. The study has identified clear divisions between the professions but has highlighted areas where there is a desire from many clinicians to work more harmoniously together, such as in education, training and research. CONCLUSION While major concerns exist over issues such as surgery by non-registered medical practitioners and the suitable spectrum of surgery for each profession, many surgeons, in both professions, are willing to provide training for juniors in both specialties and there is a wish to have closer working relationships and common educational and research opportunities than exists at present."""
NaN		916	"Ishiyama, J. (2007). """"Expectations and Perceptions of Undergraduate Research Mentoring: Comparing First Generation, Low Income White/Caucasian and African American Students."""" College Student Journal 41(3): 540-549."""""	" This study examines how student scholars from first generation college and low income (FGLI) backgrounds and/or African American students perceive a research mentoring relationship. Using data compiled from oral interviews of thirty-three participants in the Ronald E. McNair Post Baccalaureate Achievement Program at Truman State University, this study has two purposes. First, in contrast to most of the literature that examines the mentoring relationship in collaborative undergraduate research, this study explicitly examines the perceptions of mentoring and research held by first generation college students and African American students at a primarily white/Caucasian institution. Second, the lessons learned from this inquiry may serve to better guide research programs in the process of mentor-student pairing that specifically target first generation college and other students from groups underrepresented in higher education. Results indicate that African American students participating in the McNair program, both FGLI and continuing generation, are much more likely than White FGLI students to emphasize the personal consideration role of mentors, psychological benefits from the research experience, and to describe a good mentor as someone who is personally supportive."""
NaN		917	"Israel, T. (2012). """"2011 Society of Counseling Psychology Presidential Address: Exploring privilege in counseling psychology: Shifting the lens."""" The Counseling Psychologist 40(1): 158-180."""""	" Within a system of societal inequities, privilege consists of unearned advantages that are conferred on individuals based on membership or assumed membership in a dominant group. This article describes the relationship between privilege and oppression, dimensions of privilege, characteristics of privilege, costs of privilege, and resistance to awareness of privilege. Understanding of privilege can enhance counseling psychology practice, research, training, and professional organizations. The article concludes with recommendations for exploring privilege and a vision for systemic change. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		918	"Ivanis, A., et al. (2011). """"Less Work, Less Respect: Authors' Perceived Importance of Research Contributions and Their Declared Contributions to Research Articles."""" Plos One 6(6)."""""	" Background: Attitudes towards authorship are connected with authors' research experience and with knowledge of authorship criteria of International Committee of Medical Journal Editors (ICMJE). The objective of this study was to assess association between authors' perceived importance of contributions for authorship qualification and their participation in manuscripts submitted to a journal. Methods: Authors (n=1181) of 265 manuscripts submitted to the Croatian Medical Journal were asked to identify and rate their contribution in the preparation of the submitted manuscript (0 - none to 4 - full for 11 listed contributions) and the importance of these contributions as authorship qualifications (0 - none to 4-full). They were randomly allocated into 3 groups: the first (n=90 manuscripts, n=404 authors) first received the contribution disclosure form and then contribution importance-rating questionnaire  the second (n=88 manuscripts, n=382 authors) first received the rating questionnaire and then the contribution disclosure form, and the third group (n=87 manuscripts, n=395 authors) received both questionnaires at the same time. We compared authors' perception of importance of contribution categories. Results: 1014 (85.9%) authors of 235 manuscripts responded. Authors who declared contribution to a specific category rated it as more important for authorship than those authors who did not contribute to the same category (P>0.005 for all contribution categories, Mann-Withney test). Authors qualifying for ICMJE authorship rated all contribution categories higher than non-qualifying authors. For all contributions, associations between perceived importance of contribution and actual author's contribution were statistically significant. Conclusions: Authorship seems to be not a normative issue subjective to categorization into criteria, but also a very personal view of the importance and value of one's contributions."""
NaN		919	"Iwelunmor, J., et al. (2015). """"A Concept Mapping Study of Physicians' Perceptions of Factors Influencing Management and Control of Hypertension in Sub-Saharan Africa."""" International Journal of Hypertension."""""	" Hypertension, once a rare problem in Sub-Saharan Africa (SSA), is predicted to be a major cause of death by 2020 with mortality rates as high as 75%. However, comprehensive knowledge of provider-level factors that influence optimal management is limited. The objective of the current study was to discover physicians' perceptions of factors influencing optimal management and control of hypertension in SSA. Twelve physicians attending the Cardiovascular Research Training (CaRT) Institute at the University of Ghana, College of Health Sciences, were invited to complete a concept mapping process that included brainstorming the factors influencing optimal management and control of hypertension in patients, sorting and organizing the factors into similar domains, and rating the importance and feasibility of efforts to address these factors. The highest ranked important and feasible factors include helping patients accept their condition and availability of adequate equipment to enable the provision of needed care. The findings suggest that patient self-efficacy and support, physician-related factors, policy factors, and economic factors are important aspects that must be addressed to achieve optimal hypertension management. Given the work demands identified by physicians, future research should investigate cost-effective strategies of shifting physician responsibilities to well-trained no-physician clinicians in order to improve hypertension management."""
NaN		920	"Iyalomhe, F., et al. (2013). """"The Science-Policy Interface for Climate Change Adaptation: the Contribution of Communities of Practice Theory."""" Environmental Policy and Governance 23(6): 368-380."""""	" Climate change adaptation demands a successful science-policy interface that can enhance the translation of climate scenarios to adaptation policies. However, experience shows it is difficult to implement this interface in practice, particularly at the regional/local scale. This paper considers the communities of practice theory in a new way, by examining two model cases to highlight areas of potential opportunities and contentions with the theory, and to understand how a successful science-policy interface in climate change adaptation projects could be envisioned as a community of practice. The assumption is that the social contexts in which these projects often exist could be established by the concepts of communities of practice', which defines activities in a social and historical context that gives structure to the engagement of participants. We compiled cases from open-ended survey and interactive research experience and observation, and inductively reflected on these vis-a-vis communities of practice. The model cases revealed challenges as well as potential opportunities for communities of practice, in that they exist within a middle space (social context) that could facilitate personal and professional relationship, promote formal and informal interactions, and are needed to negotiate different expertise and narrow apparent boundaries. We conclude that vigorous and dynamic communities of practice promise to nurture the social context in which participants in adaptation projects are potentially engaged, and thus provide a provisional support to the science-policy interface. Copyright (c) 2013 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd and ERP Environment."""
NaN		921	"Iyer, R., et al. (2015). """"Detection and location of OP-degrading activity: A model to integrate education and research."""" New Biotechnology 32(4): 403-411."""""	" The Environmental Sampling Research Module (ESRM) is an investigative/discovery module that provides undergraduate research experiences for students as part of an interdisciplinary research-based biotechnology curriculum at the University of Houston campus. As part of the ESRM, students collect soil samples from various locations to test for the presence of organophosphorous (OP) degrading bacteria. At the end of this research project students submit a research paper on their field and laboratory activities and discuss their experimental data and observations. Students also record the date, location of collection, and the results of testing the sample for the degradation of two pesticides, methyl parathion or paraoxon, in an electronic laboratory notebook (ELN). Each collection site is recorded on a Google Maps module and the data from student research activities is made available to other undergraduate students. This data is then used to generate a microorganism database of pesticide degrading activity and promote reading, critical thinking, and analytical skills as part of the curriculum. Our sampling of agricultural sites and wastewater within and around the city of Houston has identified seven distinct genera of OP degrading organisms, including Pseudomonas, Stenotrophomonas, Exiguobacterium, Delftia, Agrobacterium, Aeromonas, and Rhizobium. Collected strains exhibit phosphotriesterase-like enzymatic activity with isolates of Pseudomonas putida and Stenotrophomonas maltophilia capable of degrading both the phosphotriester paraoxon and the phosphorothioate methyl parathion. Using this collection of OP-degrading microorganisms, undergraduate students have evaluated their potential for enhancing the removal of harmful organophosphates and their toxic metabolites from contaminated agricultural soil and adjacent bodies of water. This analytical data can potentially be utilized for environmental and industrial applications in bioremediation and ecology providing an innovative method for integrating education and research. In addition, the versatility of the ESRM itself provides for easy and rapid adaptation into varying environmental science courses with significant potential for the discovery and isolation of new and unique organisms to be used as part of ongoing research in the laboratory."""
NaN		922	"Izquierdo-Verdiguier, E., et al. (2013). """"Encoding Invariances in Remote Sensing Image Classification With SVM."""" Ieee Geoscience and Remote Sensing Letters 10(5): 981-985."""""	" This letter introduces a simple method for including invariances in support-vector-machine (SVM) remote sensing image classification. We design explicit invariant SVMs to deal with the particular characteristics of remote sensing images. The problem of including data invariances can be viewed as a problem of encoding prior knowledge, which translates into incorporating informative support vectors (SVs) that better describe the classification problem. The proposed method essentially generates new (synthetic) SVs from the obtained by training a standard SVM with the available labeled samples. Then, original and transformed SVs are used for training the virtual SVM introduced in this letter. We first incorporate invariances to rotations and reflections of image patches for improving contextual classification. Then, we include an invariance to object scale in patch-based classification. Finally, we focus on the challenging problem of including illumination invariances to deal with shadows in the images. Very good results are obtained when few labeled samples are available for classification. The obtained classifiers reveal enhanced sparsity and robustness. Interestingly, the methodology can be applied to any maximum-margin method, thus constituting a new research opportunity."""
NaN		923	"Jabaut, J. M., et al. (2016). """"Teaching and Learning of Medical Biochemistry According to Clinical Realities: A Case Study."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 44(1): 95-98."""""	" To foster medical students to become physicians who will be lifelong independent learners and critical thinkers with healthy skepticism and provide high-quality patient care guided by the best evidence, teaching of evidence-based medicine (EBM) has become an important component of medical education. Currently, the teaching and learning of biochemistry in medical schools incorporates its medical relevance and applications. However, to our knowledge there have been no reports on integrating EBM with teaching and learning medical biochemistry. Here, we present a case study to illustrate the significance of this approach. This case study was based on a biochemistry/nutrition question in a popular board review book about whether a homeless alcoholic man is at risk of developing a deficiency of vitamin E. The possible answers and explanation provided in the book raised a question about the correct answer, which provided us with an opportunity to adapt the philosophy and certain basic EBM principles to find evidence for the clinical applicability of a commonly taught biochemistry topic. The outcome of this case study not only taught us how to conduct an EBM exercise to answer a specific patient question, but also provided us with an opportunity for in-depth teaching and learning of the medical relevance of a specific biochemistry topic based on the best clinical evidence obtained from a systematic research of medical literature. (C) 2015 by The International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, 44: 95-98, 2016."""
NaN		924	"Jaeger, P. (2014). """"Hear Ye, Hear Ye: A Dozen Messages from the New York Common Core Crier."""" Knowledge Quest 42(3): 52-57."""""	" In 2010, Jean Stevens from the New York State Education Department addressed a group of NY state administrators and shared, ""It is no mistake that inquiry-based learning is throughout the Common Core."""" That was a cornerstone cry for which only school librarians knew the significance. After years of fighting for turf as a poor fief, it was as though the lord of the manor had knighted the troops. Since that noble announcement, many messages for educators have been promulgated, and in New York State the messages just keep coming and coming and coming. With each announcement comes a new understanding--a new view into what the Common Core picture is supposed to look like. Even though the New York State Education Department has done a supreme job of funding curriculum and training, getting the message down to the serfs is a tough task and not every teacher has heard the crier's decrees. The Common Core pedagogy news is traveling at a medieval rate, despite the state department of education's valiant effort, and the presence of technology and the Internet at educators' fingertips. New York is a Race to the Top (RttT) state, in addition to being one of the forty-five Common Core states, which has set up New York as a """"leader"""" state in the CCSS adoption. However, that does not mean every soldier is following. Herein the author provides a list of representative Common Core Cries from the New York State Education Department. These comments represent good instructional paradigm shifts that can be embraced by school librarians and other educators everywhere."""""
NaN		925	"Jaeger, P. and O. M. Nesi (2014). """"Real-Life Research: Project Runway Makeover Model."""" Knowledge Quest 43(2): 60-63."""""	" Real-life research is incredibly varied. We research cars. We research lawn problems. We research child behavior problems, health issues, possible vacation destinations, and prices to stretch our budgets. No two scenarios are ever alike, and no two health issues should be assumed to be the same. That is reality, and that is a picture of what the Common Core State Standards call ""real world problems."""" So if real-world problems are never the same, why are so many research activities designed in a one-size-fits-all fashion? Why do students have to fact-fetch for fill-in-the-blanks, when they have been asked to """"solve real-world problems"""" and """"research to build and present knowledge""""? These low-level no-thought """"research"""" tasks have got to go, and school librarians could be hosting lunchtime professional development shows dubbed """"Research Project Runway Models--Let us make over your unit."""" School librarians should be in the transformation business. They should be transforming old information units into student-centered, inquiry-based learning adventures that encourage students to build knowledge, rather than merely collect information. The Common Core State Standards (CCSS) call for rigor and relevance, and fill-in-the blank research packets are neither rigorous nor relevant. A """"packet"""" is a teacher's assignment and a teacher's creation. When teachers embark on student-centered inquiry-based research projects, assignments become learning adventures, rather than information packets that have to be completed for a grade. When research is performed with the goal of sharing knowledge, the purpose is more than a grade. Only through teachers' letting go will students be empowered to define direction and investigate. The authors provide five steps designed to help teachers make over their research packets."""""
NaN		926	"Jaffe-Walter, R. (2008). """"Negotiating Mandates and Memory: Inside a Small Schools Network for Immigrant Youth."""" Teachers College Record 110(9): 2040-2066."""""	" Context: Networks are seen as important vehicles for educators' professional development because they provide opportunities for educators to develop their teaching and leadership capacities and establish forums for educator resistance. Networks that also function as intermediary organizations provide spaces in which educators and network leaders can bridge and buffer the external demands of accountability policies. Focus of Study: This article considers how the Internationals Network for Public Schools (Internationals Network) contends with the often incompatible external demands of current accountability policies, and the internal professional and pedagogical practices of their schools. First, this article explores the challenges that the International schools encounter as they negotiate commitments to inquiry-based learning and local decision making in the context of top-down mandates. Second, it discusses the history, practices, and internal challenges of the network. Finally, it provides examples of how the network acts as a bridge and buffer for the schools as it negotiates current external accountability pressures. Setting: The International High Schools serve a population of recently arrived immigrant youth from over 90 countries, who speak over 50 languages and come from socioeconomic backgrounds that qualify most for free lunch. The International High Schools constitute a network of nine public high schools throughout New York City and one newly opened school in Oakland, California. The term network is used here to refer to both the nonprofit intermediary organization, Internationals Network, and the community of Internationals educators across schools. Research Design: This case study engages Shore and Wright's approach to the anthropology of policy that involves exploring policies through various sites to understand how the discourses, provisions, and technologies of education policies are encountered, experienced, and negotiated by different members of a community. This article is based on participant observation of network meetings and retreats, and interviews with educators and leaders within the Internationals Network that took place over a period of 2 years. Findings: This study finds that the role of the network is critical in the Internationals context because it creates spaces for fostering professional community and contending with the multiple external demands of accountability policies. This study also concludes that the institutional knowledge and historical memory that has grown over time within and between International schools is a significant resource for educators as they negotiate external challenges. Finally, this study calls for an accountability of policy itself in which policy makers consider how education policies are experienced by youth, educators, and schools."""
NaN		927	"Jahan, S. and B. Henary (2013). """"Attitudes of primary health care physician managers toward research: a pre-experimental study."""" Australian Journal of Primary Health 19(2): 171-176."""""	" Research in primary health care (PHC) is underdeveloped and scarce, especially in developing countries. It is important to understand the attitudes and aspirations of PHC physicians for the promotion of research. The aim of this study was to determine the attitudes of PHC physician managers toward research in Qassim province and to identify barriers that impede performing research in the PHC system. The study was based on social cognitive theory framework, and was pre-experimental with a 'one-group pre-test-post-test' design. The study participants were physician managers in PHC administration, Qassim. The participants' attitudes were measured by adapting statements from the Attitude Towards Research scale. The intervention was the 1-day training program 'Introduction to Research in Primary Health Care'. A total of 23 PHC physicians participated in the study. The mean age of the participants was 45.4 (+/- 1.6) years, and the mean years of work experience was 16.2 (+/- 2.2) years. Only one participant had an article published in a peer-reviewed journal. The results of the study showed that PHC physicians had a baseline positive attitude toward research that was further enhanced after participating in an introductory research-training program. During the pre-test, out of the total score of 63, the mean score on attitude toward research was 48.35 (+/- 6.8) while the mean total attitude score in the post-test was 49.7 (+/- 6.6). However, the difference was not statistically significant at P < 0.05. The item with the highest score regarded the role of research in the improvement of health care services, while the lowest-scoring item was about support from administration to conduct research. The participants recognised lack of skills, lack of training and inadequate resources as major barriers in conducting research. Our study results suggest that the PHC physicians' positive attitudes toward research can be further improved through in-service training. To promote research in PHC in Qassim, regular research-training programs and incentives for conducting research should be provided to the PHC physicians."""
NaN		928	"Jain, G., et al. (2012). """"Systems-based aspects in the training of IMG or previously trained residents: Comparison of psychiatry residency training in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, India, and Nigeria."""" Academic Psychiatry 36(4): 307-315."""""	" Objectives: International medical graduates (IMGs) account for a significant proportion of residents in psychiatric training in the United States. Many IMGs may have previously completed psychiatry residency training in other countries. Their experiences may improve our system. Authors compared and contrasted psychiatry residency training in the U.S. to that of Canada, the United Kingdom, India, and Nigeria. The study also highlights the systems-based features that may have an impact on the adaptation of IMGs (especially previously-trained) to U.S. psychiatry residency. Methods: Individuals who are familiar with psychiatry residency training in the United States and were previously trained in other countries synthesized information available on websites, official documents, and previous literature, as well as their experiences with past training. Results: Psychiatry residencies vary considerably in all five countries in terms of the duration of training, curriculum, clinical experience, psychotherapy training, research experience, supervision, and evaluation processes Residency training in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K. is well-structured and has more psychotherapy training. The U.K. has enhanced exposure to community psychiatry. The U.K., India, and Nigeria have increased emphasis on psychopathology. Training in India and Nigeria has a higher quantity of clinical work, less record-keeping, less emphasis on patient autonomy, and a mandatory prospective clinical research requirement. Conclusions: The provision of services and training is substantially influenced by national mental health policies, culture, and local traditions. Despite numerous commonalities, there are some differences in psychiatry training among all five countries. Awareness of these differences in education, systems, and interactions may help psychiatric educators to understand IMGs (especially those previously-trained) as they adapt to U.S. training. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		929	"Jain, S., et al. (2016). """"The Development of a Critical Care Resident Research Curriculum: A Needs Assessment."""" Canadian Respiratory Journal."""""	" Background. Conducting research is expected from many clinicians' professional profile, yet many do not have advanced research degrees. Research training during residency is variable amongst institutions and research education needs of trainees are not well understood. Objective. To understand needs of critical care trainees regarding research education. Methods. Canadian critical care trainees, new critical care faculty, program directors, and research coordinators were surveyed regarding research training, research expectations, and support within their programs. Results. Critical care trainees and junior faculty members highlighted many gaps in research knowledge and skills. In contrast, critical care program directors felt that trainees were prepared to undertake research careers. Major differences in opinion amongst program directors and other respondent groups exist regarding preparation for designing a study, navigating research ethics board applications, and managing a research budget. Conclusion. We demonstrated that Canadian critical care trainees and junior faculty reported gaps in knowledge in all areas of research. There was disagreement amongst trainees, junior faculty, research coordinators, and program directors regarding learning needs. Results from this needs assessment will be used to help redesign the education program of the Canadian Critical Care Trials Group to complement local research training offered for critical care trainees."""
NaN		930	"Jakubec, S. L. and B. J. Astle (2013). """"Students Connecting Critical Appraisal to Evidence-Based Practice: A Teaching-Learning Activity for Research Literacy."""" Journal of Nursing Education 52(1): 56-58."""""	" This article describes the implementation of an innovative research literacy teaching-learning activity. The Research in Practice Challenge activity promoted the importance and relevance of evidence-based practice with second-year nursing students in an undergraduate research course. Students appraised the evidence within policies and practice guidelines identified by managers in practice. Collaboration among students, faculty, managers, and the librarian enabled completion of the activity. Essential skills of identifying research problems in practice, searching the literature, and critically evaluating evidence were applied. Ultimately, students were asked to respond to the question: ""Does this policy or guideline need revision, and how, based upon current evidence?"""" Effectiveness of this activity was garnered from the students' responses to course evaluations and analysis of teaching notes. Course evaluation revealed that students valued how the activity highlighted the relevance of research literacy for their practice. Further recommendations for research literacy teaching and learning are suggested."""""
NaN		931	"Jamerson, P. A., et al. (2011). """"Nursing Student Research Assistant Program: A strategy to enhance nursing research capacity building in a Magnet status pediatric hospital."""" Applied Nursing Research 24(2): 110-113."""""	" For busy clinicians, time to conduct research is scarce. A novel solution, the Nursing Student Research Assistant Program (NS-RAP), was designed in collaboration with area nursing schools to build research capacity at a pediatric hospital. Undergraduate and graduate nursing students participated in a variety of research experiences that, in turn, aided the conduct of clinician-initiated research at the pediatric hospital. In this article, conceptualization, implementation, outcomes, challenges, and future directions of NS-RAP are discussed. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""
NaN		932	"James, R. and L. Simons (2011). """"Addiction Studies: Exploring Students' Attitudes toward Research in a Graduate Program."""" Journal of Alcohol and Drug Education 55(2): 74-90."""""	" An exploratory study was conducted to compare addiction studies and community counseling students' attitudes toward research. A survey of 66 addiction studies and 17 community counseling students in graduate programs was used to explore interest and self-efficacy in research and the research training environment. A pre/post test design was used to measure differences in an addiction etiology and epidemiology course containing 14 participants. Differences between recovering and non-recovering students were also explored. Independent t-test analyses were conducted to detect significant differences between addiction studies and community counseling students (p less than 0.05), as well as significant differences in those students enrolled in the pilot course (p less than 0.05). No differences were noted among reported recovery status. Implications for graduate program development in addiction studies are discussed. (Contains 2 tables.)"""
NaN		933	"Jance, M. and A. Morgan (2013). """"Critical Learning Skills for Business Students."""" American Journal of Business Education 6(1): 25-32."""""	" A survey addressing critical skills for business students was developed and disseminated. Sixteen critical skills (such as critical thinking and time management) were identified as skills that need to be acquired in order for business students to be successful in their advanced courses and careers. The survey was disseminated and taken by several business faculty at various institutions. The survey participants were asked to rank both the importance of a particular skill and where their students currently rank in possessing this skill. This paper discusses the format of the survey, presents the survey results, analyzes the top three critical skills, and mentions future research opportunities."""
NaN		934	"Jang, E. E. (2010). """"Demystifying a Q-matrix for making diagnostic inferences about L2 reading skills: The author responds."""" Language Assessment Quarterly 7(1): 116-117."""""	" Replies to the comments made by J. Charles Alderson (see record [rid]2010-03750-005[/rid]) and Fred Davidson (see record [rid]2010-03750-006[/rid]) on the author's original article, Demystifying a Q-matrix for making diagnostic inferences about L2 reading skills. (The article was part of a special issue entitled 'Cognitive Diagnosis and Q-Matrices in Language Assessment.') I agree with both commentators that diagnostic assessment should be designed for diagnostic purposes from the outset. Though it sounds too obvious, the findings from the study reported in the Special Issue makes this seemingly obvious message crystal clear and empirical. That is, psychometric principles underlying norm-referenced testing do not necessarily satisfy the principles that guide formative diagnostic assessment. That the Special Issue papers are limited to reading and listening constructs and to proficiency tests reflects the infantile stage of cognitive diagnostic assessment (CDA) development, and thereby it should be taken as future research opportunities to explore its application to classroom-based achievement tests involving integrative language constructs. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		935	Jang, S. J. (2009). COMPARISON BETWEEN NOVICE AND EXPERIENCED SCIENCE TEACHERS' PCK ABOUT ELECTRIC CIRCUITS THROUGH A PEER COACHING MODEL.	" The purpose of this study was to examine the eighth-grade students' perceptions of science teachers' PCK difference between beginning teachers and experienced teachers, and the effects of applying the developed model in the concepts of ""electric circuits."""" The participants included a single instructor and a total of four in-service science teachers. In this study, the researcher used the PCK-RIER module (Research, Instruction, Evaluation, and Reflection) to implement the whole process. The survey adopted in this study was the instrument on secondary Student Perceptions of Teachers' Knowledge (SPOTK) developed by Tuan, Chang, Wang and Treagust (2000). This research used both quantitative and qualitative research methods. The result showed although the mean score for the experience teachers was higher than that for the beginning teachers in """"SMU"""" and """"KSU"""", there were no significant differences between these two groups. Beginning science teachers tended to have misconceptions about electric circuits. Science teachers often used paper-based evaluation rather than alternative approaches to assess students' learning outcome. There was a significant difference between beginning and experienced science teachers in """"RR"""" and """"IR"""". Peer coaching was the important factor for developing science teachers' instructional strategies. The research methods of students' perceptions and teachers' reflection could increase the learning and research experience of both in-service science teachers and the instructor and also serve as useful reference for other in-service teacher education institutes."""""
NaN		936	"Janke, R., et al. (2012). """"Promoting information literacy through collaborative service learning in an undergraduate research course."""" Nurse Education Today 32(8): 920-923."""""	" Information literacy is an important foundation for evidence-based nursing practice. Librarians, the experts in information literacy, are important collaborators in the process of teaching nursing students information literacy skills. In this article we describe a service learning project, offered in a third year nursing research course, designed to teach information literacy and to enhance students' appreciation of the role of evidence in nursing practice. Students worked in groups, and under the guidance of a nursing instructor and librarian, to answer a question posed by practice-based partners. Through the project students learned essential skills of refining a question, identifying systematic search strategies, gleaning essential information from a study and using a bibliographic management tool. Evaluation of the project indicated that although the project was challenging and labour intensive students felt they learned important skills for their future practice. Several recommendations for further enhancing the collaboration are made. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		937	"Jansen, D. A., et al. (2015). """"Embedding research in undergraduate learning opportunities."""" Western Journal of Nursing Research 37(10): 1340-1358."""""	" As a means of promoting scholarship, faculty are increasingly including undergraduate nursing students as team members in faculty-led research projects. Research involvement is a high-impact educational practice that enhances student engagement and retention rates and enables the reflection and integration of learning. The purpose of this article is to describe the benefits and innovative ways of directly involving undergraduate nursing students in faculty-guided research projects. Case examples from four non-research-intensive nursing programs are presented to illustrate the benefits of undergraduate student research involvement to students, faculty, their communities, as well as the nursing profession. Student assistance in all phases of the research process, ranging from research question generation, literature reviews, methods development, and data collection and analysis, to presentations and manuscript publication, motivates and helps faculty progress with their research programs. Benefits also include the creation of effective learning experiences that build nursing knowledge and potentially contribute to community health. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		938	"Jansen, M., et al. (2015). """"Students' self-concept and self-efficacy in the sciences: Differential relations to antecedents and educational outcomes."""" Contemporary Educational Psychology 41: 13-24."""""	" Self-concept and self-efficacy are two of the most important motivational predictors of educational outcomes. As most research has studied these constructs separately, little is known about their differential relations to peer ability, opportunities-to-learn in classrooms, and educational outcomes. We investigated these relations by applying (multilevel) structural equation modeling to the German PISA 2006 data set. We found a correlation of ρ = .57 between self-concept and self-efficacy in science, advocating distinguishable constructs. Furthermore, science self-concept was better predicted by the average peer achievement (Big-Fish-Little-Pond Effect), whereas science self-efficacy was more strongly affected by inquiry-based learning opportunities. There were also differences in the predictive potential for educational outcomes: Self-concept was a better predictor of future-oriented motivation to aspire a career in the sciences, whereas self-efficacy was a better predictor of current ability. The study at hand provides strong evidence for the related but distinct nature of the two constructs and extends existing research on students' competence beliefs toward social comparisons and opportunities-to-learn. Further implications for the relevance of inquiry-based classroom activities and for the assessment of competence beliefs are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		939	"Jao, I., et al. (2015). """"Involving research stakeholders in developing policy on sharing public health research data in Kenya: Views on fair process for informed consent, access oversight, and community engagement."""" Journal of Empirical Research on Human Research Ethics 10(3): 264-277."""""	" Increased global sharing of public health research data has potential to advance scientific progress but may present challenges to the interests of research stakeholders, particularly in low-to-middle income countries. Policies for data sharing should be responsive to public views, but there is little evidence of the systematic study of these from low-income countries. This qualitative study explored views on fair data-sharing processes among 60 stakeholders in Kenya with varying research experience, using a deliberative approach. Stakeholders’ attitudes were informed by perceptions of benefit and concerns for research data sharing, including risks of stigmatization, loss of privacy, and undermining scientific careers and validity, reported in detail elsewhere. In this article, we discuss institutional trust-building processes seen as central to perceptions of fairness in sharing research data in this setting, including forms of community involvement, individual prior awareness and agreement to data sharing, independence and accountability of governance mechanisms, and operating under a national framework. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		940	"Jarvis, J. and V. Peel (2013). """"Tourists for hire: International working holidaymakers in a work based destination in regional Australia."""" Tourism Management 37: 114-124."""""	" Working tourists are a growing phenomenon in contemporary tourism although rarely the subject of focussed research. This analysis explores the role of work in the experience of working tourists through an empirical study of international working holiday makers (WHMs) in a regional Australian city. Results of a mixed methods analysis highlight Australia's WHM visa as driving international tourist dispersal to regional destinations largely untouched by international visitation. Although WHMs were found to have limited impact on existing tourism services, findings indicate their arrival has played an important role in stimulating new and unique forms of enterprise. Implications for strategic destination management designed to more fully capture benefits associated with working tourists are identified and future research opportunities presented. Crown Copyright (C) 2012 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		941	"Jean, R. J. B., et al. (2011). """"Ethnic ties, location choice, and firm performance in foreign direct investment: A study of Taiwanese business groups FDI in China."""" International Business Review 20(6): 627-635."""""	" This paper examines ethnic ties and their impact on FDI location choice and firm performance. Drawing on social network theory and using data from 88 Taiwanese business groups, the study tests the impact of ethnic ties on firm FDI location choice and performance outcomes in China. Results show that ethnic ties of top managers matter in facilitating firm FDI location choice. In contrast to our expectations however, ethnic ties do not help to improve firm performance in China. Implications of these results are discussed in view of existing literature and future research opportunities are delineated. (C) 2011 Published by Elsevier Ltd."""
NaN		942	"Jean-Louis, G., et al. (2016). """"Mentoring junior URM scientists to engage in sleep health disparities research: experience of the NYU PRIDE Institute."""" Sleep Medicine 18: 108-117."""""	" Aim: The aim of this study was to evaluate the National Institute of Health (NIH)-funded PRIDE Institute in Behavioral Medicine and Sleep Disorders Research at New York University (NYU) Langone Medical Center. The NYU PRIDE Institute provides intensive didactic and mentored research training to junior un-derrepresented minority (URM) faculty. Method: The Kirkpatrick model, a mixed-methods program evaluation tool, was used to gather data on participant's satisfaction and program outcomes. Quantitative evaluation data were obtained from all 29 mentees using the PRIDE REDcap-based evaluation tool. In addition, in-depth interviews and focus groups were conducted with 17 mentees to learn about their experiences at the institute and their professional development activities. Quantitative data were examined, and emerging themes from indepth interviews and focus groups were studied for patterns of connection and grouped into broader categories based on grounded theory. Results: Overall, mentees rated all programmatic and mentoring aspects of the NYU PRIDE Institute very highly (80-100%). They identified the following areas as critical to their development: research and,professional skills, mentorship, structured support and accountability, peer support, and continuous career development beyond the summer institute. Indicators of academic self-efficacy showed substantial improvement over time. Areas for improvement included tailoring programmatic activities to individual needs, greater assistance with publications, and identifying local mentors when K awards are sought. Conclusions: In order to promote career development, numerous factors that uniquely influence URM investigators' ability to succeed should be addressed. The NYU PRIDE Institute, which provides exposure to a well-resourced academic environment, leadership, didactic skills building, and intensive individualized mentorship proved successful in enabling URM mentees to excel in the academic environment. Overall, the institute accomplished its goals: to build an infrastructure enabling junior URM faculty to network with one another as well as with senior investigators, serving as a role model, in a supportive academic environment. Published by Elsevier B.V."""
NaN		943	"Jensen, D., et al. (2010). """"Beyond Chemical Literature: Developing Skills for Chemical Research Literacy."""" Journal of Chemical Education 87(7): 700-702."""""	" With the growing availability of electronic databases, online journal publications, and open-access publishing, there is unprecedented access to research materials. Increasingly, these materials are being incorporated into chemistry curricula and being used by undergraduate students in literature research. Internet savvy students can effectively access this information, but the question remains ""Do students really know how to use the chemical literature?"""" Building from basic information literacy skills, we have implemented a series of assignments in organic chemistry to help students evaluate, interpret, and use chemical literature. We refer to these skills as chemical research literacy, which provides a solid foundation for literature research in upper-level courses and undergraduate research. (Contains 6 notes and 1 table.)"""""
NaN		944	"Jensen, M. B., et al. (2007). """"Research capacity building through twinning: Experiences from a Danish-Malaysian twinning project."""" Public Administration and Development 27(5): 381-392."""""	" Twinning and its contribution to institutional capacity building in developing countries is the theme of an ongoing debate in Public Administration and Development. Unlike earlier contributions this article focuses on twinning in the context of research capacity enhancement. Using a 3 year Danish-Malaysian twinning research project as case our objective is to evaluate whether the general premises regarding a twinning project, as formulated by the Danish Development Cooperation Agency (Danida), appropriately support the twinning ambitions when the capacities in focus concern research. Besides institutional capacity building, twinning is expected to favour local ownership, involvement of the Danish resource base and continuing of cooperation after termination of funding. From 21 semi-structured interviews with project participants it was found that although new research capacities had been gained, the prospects on continued cooperation are rather discouraging, both sides pointing to the lack of truly joint research experiences as the main reason. To care for this important incentive, the twinning premises are recommended to be modified to allow for the Northern resource base to advance its own research, and for Southern partner to demonstrate in-house research capacities. Further, the North-South balance in project management needs to be more equal. This apart, the twinning premises appear sound. Copyright (c) 2007 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd."""
NaN		945	"Jensen, M. L., et al. (2010). """"Technology Dominance in Complex Decision Making: The Case of Aided Credibility Assessment."""" Journal of Management Information Systems 27(1): 175-201."""""	" Decision aids have long been an important source of help in making structured decisions. However, decision support for more complex problems has been much more difficult to create. Decision aids are now being developed for very complex problems, and their effects among low- and high-task-knowledge individuals are still being explored. One such task is credibility assessment, in which message recipients or observers must determine a message's veracity and trustworthiness. Credibility assessment is made difficult by lack of constraints, hidden or incomplete information, and mistaken beliefs of the assessor. The theory of technology dominance (TTD) proposes that technology is most effectively applied in intelligent decision aids when an experienced user is paired with a sophisticated decision aid. This work examines TTD in the complex task of credibility assessment. To assist in credibility assessment, we created a decision aid that augments the capabilities of the user-whether novice or professional. Using hypotheses based on TTD, we tested the decision aid using high-stakes deception in recorded interviews and involved both student (novice) and law enforcement (professional) users. Both professionals and novices improved their assessment accuracy by using the decision aid. Consistent with TTD, novices were more reliant on the decision aid than were professionals. However, contrary to TTD, there was no significant difference in the way novices and professionals interacted with the system, and the decision aid was not more beneficial to professionals. Novices and professionals frequently discounted the aid's recommendations, and in many cases professionals did not view explanations when the decision aid contradicted their assessments. Potential reasons for these findings, as well as limitations and future research opportunities, are discussed."""
NaN		946	"Jesiek, B. K., et al. (2012). """"Cross-Cultural Competence: A Comparative Assessment of Engineering Students."""" International Journal of Engineering Education 28(1): 144-155."""""	" As many recent reports and accreditation guidelines acknowledge, engineers are increasingly expected to work effectively across countries and cultures. This trend has helped establish and legitimate a mandate for providing more engineering students with educational experiences that enhance their global competency. However, there remain questions about what global competency means, and how it might develop and be assessed. This study addresses these themes by first arguing that cross-cultural competence is a key facet of global competency for engineers. It then presents an empirical study of US engineering students (n=147), using the Miville-Guzman Universality-Diversity Scale-Short form (MGUDS-S) to determine their openness to and appreciation of cultural diversity. An analysis of the dataset reveals significantly higher levels of cross-cultural competence among three groups of students opting into global engineering programs as compared to a baseline group of first-year students. Additionally, a pre/post-experience study focused on one of the global groups (n=55) indicates that an immersive research experience abroad significantly enhanced the cross-cultural competence of participating students. Also reported are variations in results based on factors such as gender and prior experience living abroad. The paper concludes by discussing some practical implications of our findings and opportunities for further research."""
NaN		947	"Jeskova, Z., et al. (2015). """"In-service and pre-service teacher education in IBSE: The ESTABLISH approach."""" Nuovo Cimento C-Colloquia and Communications in Physics 38(3)."""""	" One of the main goals of the ESTABLISH 7fp project (available on line at http://www.establish-fp7.eu/) was the development and implementation of the professional development teacher education programmes (TEP) to support teachers in adopting inquiry-based strategies in their teaching. Within the project there was a model for in-service and pre-service teacher training in IBSE designed and implemented across 12 participating countries. The programme is based on 4 core elements and 4 additional elements that are built around the IBSE teaching units developed within the project. As accepted by ESTABLISH partners, all teacher training programmes include the minimum of the four elements, i.e. introduction to IBSE, industrial content knowledge, teacher as implementer and teacher as developer of IBSE teaching materials. There are also four additional elements designed in detail, i.e. ICT for IBSE, argumentation in the classroom, research and design projects for students, assessment of IBSE. These can be added to the programme optionally with regard to the level of teachers' IBSE skills and current situation in education and teachers' professional development within the country. This ESTABLISH model of TEP was followed in participating countries in order to change teachers' attitudes from traditional ways of teaching towards adopting inquiry strategies and their successful implementation in the classroom. Within the face-to-face workshops teachers experienced and developed their inquiry based teaching strategies using specifically developed materials. In addition, the e-platform has been developed to provide on-line support. This platform provides educators and teachers with all the necessary materials for the training and IBSE teaching units and other teaching materials for teachers' ongoing help. The teacher training programme was successfully implemented in Slovakia. There were two runs of teacher training workshops on IBSE already carried out. Moreover, the additional element ICT in IBSE was developed more deeply designing a separate teacher training course for it. The contribution discusses in more details the success and problems of implementation in the context of Slovak educational environment."""
NaN		948	"Jeskova, Z., et al. (2016). """"EFFICACY OF INQUIRY-BASED LEARNING IN MATHEMATICS, PHYSICS AND INFORMATICS IN RELATION TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF STUDENTS' INQUIRY SKILLS."""" Journal of Baltic Science Education 15(5): 559-574."""""	" The current initiatives at European level urge more emphasis on the implementation of inquiry-based science education (IBSE). Although there are existing studies on the effect of IBSE on understanding science, fewer attempts have been made regarding the development of various inquiry skills. In this research, a model of consistent implementation of inquiry activities across the three subjects of mathematics, physics and informatics was developed and its efficacy with regard to selected inquiry skills development was examined. In order to evaluate the efficacy, a test assessing the level of inquiry skills development was designed. This test was taken by 300 high school students both before and after experimental teaching. In between students were exposed to coherent and intentional multidisciplinary inquiry-based learning within a period of approx. four months. The results showed a statistically significant increase on test scores that is gender independent, however the class specialization played a significant role. The results indicate that the designed model of coactive IBSE implementation is efficacious for inquiry skills development and therefore applicable in school practice."""
NaN		949	"Jewell, C. J. and L. A. Bero (2008). """"'Developing good taste in evidence': Facilitators of and hindrances to evidence-informed health policymaking in state government."""" Milbank Quarterly 86(2): 177-208."""""	" Context: Policymaking is a highly complex process that is often difficult to predict or influence. Most of the scholarship examining the role of research evidence in policymaking has focused narrowly on characteristics of the evidence and the interactions between scientists and government officials. The real-life context in which policymakers are situated and make decisions also is crucial to the development of evidence-informed policy. Methods: This qualitative study expands on other studies of research utilization at the state level through interviews with twenty-eight state legislators and administrators about their real-life experiences incorporating evidence into policymaking. The interviews were coded inductively into the following categories: (1) the important or controversial issue or problem being addressed, (2) the information that was used, (3) facilitators, and (4) hindrances. Findings: Hindrances to evidence-informed policymaking included institutional features  characteristics of the evidence supply, such as research quantity, quality, accessibility, and usability  and competing sources of influence, such as interest groups. The policymakers identified a number of facilitators to the use of evidence, including linking research to concrete impacts, costs, and benefits  reframing policy issues to fit the research  training to use evidence-based skills  and developing research venues and collaborative relationships in order to generate relevant evidence. Conclusions: Certain hindrances to the incorporation of research into policy, like limited budgets, are systemic and not readily altered. However, some of the barriers and facilitators of evidence-informed health policymaking are amenable to change. Policymakers could benefit from evidence-based skills training to help them identify and evaluate high-quality information. Researchers and policymakers thus could collaborate to develop networks for generating and sharing relevant evidence for policy. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		950	"Jewett-Tennant, J., et al. (2016). """"Partnership Among Peers: Lessons Learned From the Development of a Community Organization-Academic Research Training Program."""" Progress in Community Health Partnerships-Research Education and Action 10(3): 461-469."""""	" Background: Community engagement and rigorous science are necessary to address health issues. Increasingly, community health organizations are asked to partner in research. To strengthen such community organization academic partnerships, increase research capacity in community organizations, and facilitate equitable partnered research, the Partners in Education Evaluation and Research (PEER) program was developed. The program implements an 18-month structured research curriculum for one mid-level employee of a health-focused community-based organization with an organizational mentor and a Case Western Reserve University faculty member as partners. Methods: The PEER program was developed and guided by a community academic advisory committee and was designed to impact the research capacity of organizations through didactic modules and partnered research in the experiential phase. Active participation of community organizations and faculty during all phases of the program provided for bidirectional learning and understanding of the challenges of community-engaged health research. The pilot program evaluation used qualitative and quantitative data collection techniques, including experiences of the participants assessed through surveys, formal group and individual interviews, phone calls, and discussions. Statistical analysis of the change in fellows' pre-test and post-test survey scores were conducted using paired sample t tests. The small sample size is recognized by the authors as a limitation of the evaluation methods and would potentially be resolved by including more cohort data as the program progresses. Qualitative data were reviewed by two program staff using content and narrative analysis to identify themes, describe and assess group phenomena and determine program improvements. Objectives: The objective of PEER is to create equitable partnerships between community organizations and academic partners to further research capacity in said organizations and develop mutually beneficial research partnerships between academia and community organizations. Conclusion: PEER demonstrates a commitment to successfully developing sustainable research capacity growth in community organizations, and improved partnered research with academic institutions."""
NaN		952	"Jiang, F. and P. J. Roberts (2011). """"An Investigation of the Impact of Research-Led Education on Student Learning and Understandings of Research."""" Journal of University Teaching and Learning Practice 8(2): 16."""""	" This study investigated the impact of two approaches to research-led education on students' learning and their understandings of research in the context of two university courses in international business involving third year undergraduate and graduate students. One approach involved the lecturer using his research as the basis for a case-study assignment involving an intercultural business negotiation. In the second approach students conducted a research project in which they reviewed the academic literature to identify practical implications for business and theoretical gaps as the basis for future research. A questionnaire was used to explore students' perceptions of the impacts on their learning and understandings of research. Students' understandings of research were most informed by the research based learning project which was presented to them as an experience of doing research. Students valued the lecturer using his research in the course because of his enthusiasm and his expertise and mentoring in doing research. However many students developed only limited understandings of research in the subject area, despite their direct experience of the lecturers' research. The implications for the design of research-led education approaches are explored."""
NaN		951	"Jiang, F. and W. F. McComas (2015). """"The Effects of Inquiry Teaching on Student Science Achievement and Attitudes: Evidence from Propensity Score Analysis of PISA Data."""" International Journal of Science Education 37(3): 554-576."""""	" Gauging the effectiveness of specific teaching strategies remains a major topic of interest in science education. Inquiry teaching among others has been supported by extensive research and recommended by the National Science Education Standards. However, most of the empirical evidence in support was collected in research settings rather than in normal school environments. Propensity score analysis was performed within the marginal mean weighting through stratification (MMW-S) approach to examine the effects of the level of openness of inquiry teaching on student science achievement and attitudes with the Programme for International Student Assessment (PISA) 2006 data. Weighting subjects on MMW-S weight successfully balanced all treatment groups on all selected covariates. Significant effects were identified on both cognitive and attitudinal outcomes. For student science achievement, the highest score was achieved at Level 2 inquiry teaching, that is, students conduct activities and draw conclusions from data. For student science attitudes, higher level of inquiry teaching resulted in higher scores. The said conclusions were generally held in most PISA 2006 participating countries when the analysis was performed in each country separately."""
NaN		953	"Jillson, I. A., et al. (2013). """"Strengthening cancer biology research, prevention, and control while reducing cancer disparities: Student perceptions of a collaborative master’s degree program in cancer biology, preventions, and control."""" Journal of Cancer Education 28(3): 420-427."""""	" This article provides the findings of a survey of previous and current students in the UDC/GU-LCCC master’s degree program. This master’s degree program, Cancer Biology, Prevention, and Control is administered and taught jointly by faculty of a Minority Serving Institution, the University of the District of Columbia, and the Lombardi Comprehensive Cancer Center to incorporate the strengths of a community-based school with a research intensive medical center. The program was initiated in 2008 through agreements with both University administrations and funding from the National Cancer Institute. The master’s degree program is 36 credits with a focus on coursework in biostatistics, epidemiology, tumor biology, cancer prevention, medical ethics, and cancer outreach program design. For two semesters during the second year, students work full-time with a faculty person on a laboratory or outreach project that is a requirement for graduation. Students are supported and encouraged to transition to a doctoral degree after they obtain the master’s and many of them are currently in doctorate programs. Since the inception of the program, 45 students have initiated the course of study, 28 have completed the program, and 13 are currently enrolled in the program. The survey was designed to track the students in their current activities, as well as determine which courses, program enhancements, and research experiences were the least and most useful, and to discern students’ perceptions of knowledge acquired on various aspects of Cancer Biology Prevention, and Control Master’s Program. Thirty of the 35 individuals to whom email requests were sent responded to the survey, for a response rate of 85.7 %. The results of this study will inform the strengthening of the Cancer Biology program by the Education Advisory Committee. They can also be used in the development of comparable collaborative master’s degree programs designed to address the significant disparities in prevalence of cancer, low screening awareness, and access to and outcomes of cancer prevention and treatment services. This, in turn, will contribute to the elimination of the dearth of underrepresented minority scientists who address these disparities. By far, the students were satisfied with the program and believe that it has had significant impact on their ability to contribute to cancer prevention and control. They provided both general and specific recommendations to strengthen the program. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		954	"Joglekar, N. R., et al. (2016). """"The Role of Industry Studies and Public Policies in Production and Operations Management."""" Production and Operations Management 25(12): 1977-2001."""""	" The research domain Industry Studies and Public Policy (IS&PP) seeks to further our understanding of industrial practices and managerial challenges by explicitly considering contextual details in the design and interpretation of research studies. These details can be vital considerations when shaping public policies. This article reviews a sample of IS&PP publications and analyzes the content of 180 selected papers85 papers published in the Production and Operations Management (POM) journal and 95 papers published in related journals between 1992 and 2014. Our analysis of the sample dataset and examination of exemplar papers provide four findings. First, studies in different industries emphasize different themes of operational decisions. This difference in emphasis reveals potential research opportunities, especially for conducting inter-industry studies. Second, our analysis reveals a shift in focus over time. Earlier studies contain a mix of benchmarks and inter-industry comparisons, while later studies tend to be context-specific, intra-industry studies. Third, we report on empirics analytics empirics cycles that reveal gaps for building novel theories. Finally, we observe that the relationship between POM decisions and public policy is bi-directional. This highlights the need to jointly examine operational decisions with policy considerations, especially in information goods, healthcare, sustainable operations and high-tech manufacturing industries."""
NaN		955	"John, J. and J. Creighton (2011). """"Researcher Development: The Impact of Undergraduate Research Opportunity Programmes on Students in the UK."""" Studies in Higher Education 36(7): 781-797."""""	" Undergraduate research opportunity programmes (UROP) are common in North America where research has confirmed their benefits. These schemes are gaining ground in the UK, and this article provides evidence for how UK students are benefiting from the experience. Results suggest UROP makes a significant contribution to the research capabilities and confidence of participating students, boosting their understanding of both research and their own subjects. Whilst offering considerable benefits to student learning, there is no evidence that UROP schemes on their current small scale attract additional students to postgraduate research, since the majority that participate are already interested in postgraduate study. However, at an individual level, most students report increased confidence and appreciation of the realities of the research process, and desire to progress on to postgraduate study following the placement, indicating that schemes may have the potential to cultivate new research confidence and interest if expanded. (Contains 7 tables.)"""
NaN		956	"Johnson, B. and D. Harreld (2012). """"Nurturing independent learning in the undergraduate student in history: A faculty–student mentoring experience."""" Mentoring & Tutoring: Partnership in Learning 20(3): 361-378."""""	" Four undergraduates and a history professor planned for and carried out research in the Belgian State Archives in an attempt to answer the call from the Boyer Commission’s seminal report that identified the need for meaningful undergraduate research opportunities in the American higher education system. Our faculty–student mentoring experience provided an opportunity to develop practical skills for historical research. Success of the mentoring project was determined through ongoing dialog and through analysis of student reflective essays. While an international project of this scope may not be feasible for many institutions, mentoring projects in domestic or even local archives could be similarly beneficial. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		957	"Johnson, C., et al. (2014). """"Cancer health professionals need funding, time, research knowledge and skills to be involved in health services research."""" Journal of Cancer Education 29(2): 389-394."""""	" Inadequate knowledge about research processes within cancer health services has the potential to limit the development of evidence-based care. A survey was emailed to 201 health professionals working in cancer services in a major city to identify perceived levels of research knowledge and barriers to conducting research. Eighty-five people (42 %) responded. Barriers to conducting research included time-constraints (84 %), workload (72 %), limited research funding (74 %) and limited knowledge (34 %). Gaps in research knowledge included performing quantitative analyses (79 %), gaining funds (71 %), using qualitative and quantitative research methods (62 and 67 %) and formulating a research proposal (54 %). More nurses reported having gaps in research knowledge than other professions. Two thirds (66 %) of participants reported an interest in further education. There is a need for research training for practising health professionals and a focus on research as the basis for providing evidence-based care in undergraduate courses. Research, translation of research into practice and evidence-based care need to be incorporated into health professional roles throughout their careers. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		958	"Johnson, D. R. and L. A. Borden (2012). """"Participants at your fingertips: Using Amazon’s Mechanical Turk to increase student–faculty collaborative research."""" Teaching of Psychology 39(4): 245-251."""""	" The literature suggests students gain important skills when directly involved with faculty in research. However, students at smaller institutions are often faced with limited research opportunities and faculty members are faced with limited participant-pools, funding, and space to perform research. Amazon’s Mechanical Turk (MTurk) may provide a solution to many of these problems. MTurk provides an online human participant-pool, along with tools to build experiments, and it allows data to be collected quickly and inexpensively. In this study of narrative fiction and empathy, data was collected using the traditional, laboratory-based approach, and on MTurk using identical measures and protocols. Results indicated MTurk data exhibits comparable reliability, gender and ethnicity composition to data collected in the laboratory. Two important differences emerged: MTurk participants were 10 years older, on average, and they demonstrated higher scores on trait measures of empathy and state measures of involvement into the story presented in the study. A brief user’s guide to MTurk is presented that caters to first-time users. Finally, common pitfalls and their solutions are presented with the hope that faculty and students can begin doing research on MTurk immediately. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		959	"Johnson, T. L., et al. (2013). """"Advancing Sustainable Bioenergy: Evolving Stakeholder Interests and the Relevance of Research."""" Environmental Management 51(2): 339-353."""""	" The sustainability of future bioenergy production rests on more than continual improvements in its environmental, economic, and social impacts. The emergence of new biomass feedstocks, an expanding array of conversion pathways, and expected increases in overall bioenergy production are connecting diverse technical, social, and policy communities. These stakeholder groups have different-and potentially conflicting-values and cultures, and therefore different goals and decision making processes. Our aim is to discuss the implications of this diversity for bioenergy researchers. The paper begins with a discussion of bioenergy stakeholder groups and their varied interests, and illustrates how this diversity complicates efforts to define and promote ""sustainable"""" bioenergy production. We then discuss what this diversity means for research practice. Researchers, we note, should be aware of stakeholder values, information needs, and the factors affecting stakeholder decision making if the knowledge they generate is to reach its widest potential use. We point out how stakeholder participation in research can increase the relevance of its products, and argue that stakeholder values should inform research questions and the choice of analytical assumptions. Finally, we make the case that additional natural science and technical research alone will not advance sustainable bioenergy production, and that important research gaps relate to understanding stakeholder decision making and the need, from a broader social science perspective, to develop processes to identify and accommodate different value systems. While sustainability requires more than improved scientific and technical understanding, the need to understand stakeholder values and manage diversity presents important research opportunities."""""
NaN		960	"Jolly, S. E., et al. (2015). """"Development of a chronic kidney disease patient navigator program."""" Bmc Nephrology 16."""""	" Background: Chronic Kidney Disease (CKD) is a public health problem and there is a scarcity of type 2 CKD translational research that incorporates educational tools. Patient navigators have been shown to be effective at reducing disparities and improving outcomes in the oncology field. We describe the creation of a CKD Patient Navigator program designed to help coordinate care, address system-barriers, and educate/motivate patients. Methods: The conceptual framework for the CKD Patient Navigator Program is rooted in the Chronic Care Model that has a main goal of high-quality chronic disease management. Our established multidisciplinary CKD research team enlisted new members from information technology and data management to help create the program. It encompassed three phases: hiring, training, and implementation. For hiring, we wanted a non-medical or lay person with a college degree that possessed strong interpersonal skills and experience in a service-orientated field. For training, there were three key areas: general patient navigator training, CKD education, and electronic health record (EHR) training. For implementation, we defined barriers of care and created EHR templates for which pertinent study data could be extracted. Results: We have hired two CKD patient navigators who will be responsible for navigating CKD patients enrolled in a clinical trial. They have undergone training in general patient navigation, specific CKD education through directed readings and clinical shadowing, as well as EHR and other patient related privacy and research training. Conclusions: The need for novel approaches like our CKD patient navigator program designed to impact CKD care is vital and should utilize team-based care and health information technology given the changing landscape of our health systems."""
NaN		962	"Jones, A. A., et al. (2016). """"MD/PhD Training in Canada: Results from a national trainee and program director review."""" Clinical and Investigative Medicine 39(4): E132-E139."""""	" Purpose: There has been limited examination of clinician scientist training in Canada, particularly regarding training integration and funding. This study assessed program structure, funding, tuition and mentorship structures available at Canadian MD/PhD programs. Methods: Clinician Investigator Trainee Association of Canada administered an anonymous survey to current trainees and program directors that captured program structure, trainee funding, tuition and mentorship opportunities and needs across institutions. Results: In June 2015, 101/228 (44%) trainees and 9/13 (69%) program directors completed the online survey. In all programs, students completed the PhD degree prior to clerkship training. Seven programs offered research training upon completion of pre-clerkship, four offered concurrent clinical and research training, and three offered alternative structures. Nine held seminars exposing students to clinical and research integration and two offered clinician scientist skills courses. Stipend funding and tuition varied, especially during clinical training years. Regarding mentorship, all programs held regular meetings, though eight programs do not have formal mentorship opportunities. Both trainees and program directors identified the need for further career planning and development support as a student priority. Conclusion: MD/PhD programs varied by program structure, funding, tuition and mentorship opportunities. Mechanisms to share and spread program innovations should be instated. Students may benefit from concurrent research and clinical training as well as courses specific to clinician scientist skill development. Decreasing debt burden may attract and retain trainees in this demanding path. To ensure mentorship programs align with trainee priorities, program directors should directly collaborate with students in their development and evaluation."""
NaN		961	"Jones, A. and J. Woolley (2015). """"The email-diary: a promising research tool for the 21st century?"""" Qualitative Research 15(6): 705-721."""""	" The global research community has identified that, as society becomes ever more mobile and 24/7-oriented, data collection methods that reflect the day-to-day experiences of its participants need to be developed. This article reviews the success and issues of using a solicited email-diary, developed to investigate the impact on commuters of London hosting the 2012 Olympic Games. Research on the effectiveness of diaries as a method of data collection is limited, while there appears to be no analysis using email as a method of soliciting diary responses. The article identifies the research opportunities for an email-diary and the solutions it provides to a number of the problems and limitations experienced with a traditional pen-and-paper diary."""
NaN		963	"Jones, B. M. (2011). """"The Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science: A 20-year perspective."""" Journal for the Education of the Gifted 34(3): 513-543."""""	" The Texas Academy of Mathematics and Science (TAMS) is a publicly financed, residential early college entrance institute at the University of North Texas at Denton. Created in 1987, TAMS enables high-achieving students planning STEM careers to complete their last 2 years of high school simultaneously with their first 2 years of college. Admission is selective, and students pay no tuition or book costs. Students must complete a rigorous curriculum of biology, chemistry, physics, mathematics, and humanities. The academy offers intramural athletics, a variety of clubs and organizations, and mentor-guided research opportunities that can lead to prestigious awards and scholarships. Graduates earn a high school diploma and at least 57 transferable college credits—enough to enter many universities 2 years advanced. Now in its third decade, the academy continues to help expand the supply of skilled domestic mathematicians, engineers, and scientists. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		964	"Jones, E., et al. (2014). """"The Research Resource Guide: A Description and Formative Evaluation."""" Journal of Family and Consumer Sciences 106(1): 32-38."""""	" Undergraduate research is important for preparing the next generation of scholars in family and consumer sciences (FCS). The Research Resource Guide (RRG) was developed in response to that need  it provides comprehensive information on the research process for faculty to incorporate into undergraduate courses. The RRG comprises three levels: (a) research from an FCS perspective, (b) research processes, and (c) research products. The purpose of this article is to describe the development of and formative evaluation for the RRG. The formative evaluation, conducted with four expert reviewers, showed that the RRG was accurate, appropriate, well organized, and useful. Reviewers recommended including content on ethics, writing samples, and additional learning activities. Further work on the RRG is needed to determine both usability with faculty and appropriateness of content for undergraduate students."""
NaN		966	"Jones, G. J. F. (2009). """"An inquiry-based learning approach to teaching information retrieval."""" Information Retrieval 12(2): 148-161."""""	" The study of information retrieval (IR) has increased in interest and importance with the explosive growth of online information in recent years. Learning about IR within formal courses of study enables users of search engines to use them more knowledgeably and effectively, while providing the starting point for the explorations of new researchers into novel search technologies. Although IR can be taught in a traditional manner of formal classroom instruction with students being led through the details of the subject and expected to reproduce this in assessment, the nature of IR as a topic makes it an ideal subject for inquiry-based learning approaches to teaching. In an inquiry-based learning approach students are introduced to the principles of a subject and then encouraged to develop their understanding by solving structured or open problems. Working through solutions in subsequent class discussions enables students to appreciate the availability of alternative solutions as proposed by their classmates. Following this approach students not only learn the details of IR techniques, but significantly, naturally learn to apply them in solution of problems. In doing this they not only gain an appreciation of alternative solutions to a problem, but also how to assess their relative strengths and weaknesses. Developing confidence and skills in problem solving enables student assessment to be structured around solution of problems. Thus students can be assessed on the basis of their understanding and ability to apply techniques, rather simply their skill at reciting facts. This has the additional benefit of encouraging general problem solving skills which can be of benefit in other subjects. This approach to teaching IR was successfully implemented in an undergraduate module where students were assessed in a written examination exploring their knowledge and understanding of the principles of IR and their ability to apply them to solving problems, and a written assignment based on developing an individual research proposal."""
NaN		965	"Jones, G., et al. (2012). """"Differential Use of Elementary Science Kits."""" International Journal of Science Education 34(15): 2371-2391."""""	" The use of kits in elementary science classes is a growing trend in some countries. Kits provide materials and inquiry lessons in a ready-to-teach format for teachers to use in their science instruction. This study examined elementary teachers' instructional strategies, classroom practices, and assessment types in relation to the frequency of science kit use. A total of 503 elementary teachers from an urban school district received professional development, implemented kits in their classrooms for a year, and then completed a survey about science kit use and teaching practices. Despite similarities in demographic characteristics (gender, ethnicity, certification/educational level), there were significant differences in teachers' use of inquiry-based teaching and assessment practices by kit use. Teachers who reported using kits the most often were significantly more likely to report that their students designed and implemented laboratory investigations as well recorded, represented, and analyzed data. In addition, the high kit users indicated that they were more likely to use student groups, require students to use evidence to support claims, and use alternative assessments of student work including portfolios, notebooks, and long-term projects than those teachers who used kits less frequently. Those teachers who reported using kits the least often were significantly more likely to report having students practice for standardized tests. The role of kits in promoting reform-based teaching practices is discussed."""
NaN		967	"Jones, K. M., et al. (2012). """"General practice research Does gender affect the decision to participate?"""" Australian Family Physician 41(6): 419-423."""""	" Background Recruitment of general practitioners for research in Australia is problematic. We aimed to explore general practice demographics and recent research experience for effects on research attitudes and enablers and inhibitors of research participation. Methods A survey was developed and distributed to GPs via two divisions of general practice in Melbourne, Victoria. Results Seven hundred and fifty-six questionnaires were mailed and 215 (28%) returned  50% of respondents were women and 51% of all GPs had previously participated in general practice research. Gender differences were found in factors affecting the decision to participate. Women were significantly more concerned about out-of-hours commitment (p<0.001), paperwork volume (p<0.001), recruitment criteria (p=0.009) and research methodology complexity (p=0.016). They were more likely to want to work as a general practice group (p=0.007) and to be inhibited by having to present results to peers (OR 2.4, 95% CI: 1.5-3.8). Conclusion Research challenges, reduced interest in research participation and feminisation of the workforce have major implications for the future of research in general practice. Systemic changes are needed to address these issues."""
NaN		968	"Jones, M., et al. (2008). """"Undergraduate research in primary care: Is it sustainable?"""" Primary Health Care Research and Development 9(1): 85-95."""""	" Aim: To describe the research project component of the BSc in Primary Health Care and to discuss the issues faced by students and faculty in attempting to complete a student-led research project. Background: Medical schools increasingly expect medical students to undertake research as part of intercalated BSc’s or in self-selected study modules. This research has historically been laboratory based, ‘piggybacking’ onto existing projects. Projects initiated by students themselves and studies in primary care or community settings are more unusual. Methods: A qualitative study, based on interviews with students and examiners, triangulated with data from the peer review process and personal observations on the running of the course. Setting: A London medical school, running an intercalated BSc in Primary Health Care. Findings: We interviewed 24 of 26 students and two external examiners during the interview period of the study. Students successfully undertook research, from initial question through to publication. Overall, 90 dissertations were completed since 1997, of which half used a qualitative methodology (45/90). Ten projects have subsequently been published  there were also 16 conference presentations and 6 research letters. Themes from the interview data include: the students’ strong sense of project ownership, the difficulties of being a novice researcher, the difficulties posed by the research governance hurdles, the beneficial and for some students adverse impact (stress and coping with unsuccessful projects) and finally, the impact on their careers. Conclusion: Students gain considerably from this learning process, not only by undertaking their own research, but they also gain in terms of acquisition of transferable skills such as critical appraisal and improved self-directedness. Project completion and publication rates suggest that programmes developing undergraduate initiated research projects can be as successful as those for other novice researchers. The student-led project is a fragile endeavour, but currently is sustainable. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		969	"Jordan, S. R. and P. W. Gray (2012). """"Responsible conduct of research training and trust between research postgraduate students and supervisors."""" Ethics & Behavior 22(4): 297-314."""""	" Does responsible conduct of research (RCR) training improve levels of trust between researchers? Using data gathered as part of a survey on the attitudes of master’s and doctoral-level students toward RCR, we found that RCR training correlated with a weakened beliefs of students toward their supervisors’ ethicality but a stronger belief in the ethicality of their peers. We believe that these findings point to new avenues of research on trust in the academic setting and to needs for curriculum changes in RCR training. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		970	"Jordan, T. C., et al. (2014). """"A Broadly Implementable Research Course in Phage Discovery and Genomics for First-Year Undergraduate Students."""" Mbio 5(1)."""""	" Engaging large numbers of undergraduates in authentic scientific discovery is desirable but difficult to achieve. We have developed a general model in which faculty and teaching assistants from diverse academic institutions are trained to teach a research course for first-year undergraduate students focused on bacteriophage discovery and genomics. The course is situated within a broader scientific context aimed at understanding viral diversity, such that faculty and students are collaborators with established researchers in the field. The Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) Science Education Alliance Phage Hunters Advancing Genomics and Evolutionary Science (SEA-PHAGES) course has been widely implemented and has been taken by over 4,800 students at 73 institutions. We show here that this alliance-sourced model not only substantially advances the field of phage genomics but also stimulates students' interest in science, positively influences academic achievement, and enhances persistence in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) disciplines. Broad application of this model by integrating other research areas with large numbers of early-career undergraduate students has the potential to be transformative in science education and research training. IMPORTANCE Engagement of undergraduate students in scientific research at early stages in their careers presents an opportunity to excite students about science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) disciplines and promote continued interests in these areas. Many excellent course-based undergraduate research experiences have been developed, but scaling these to a broader impact with larger numbers of students is challenging. The Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) Science Education Alliance Phage Hunting Advancing Genomics and Evolutionary Science (SEA-PHAGES) program takes advantage of the huge size and diversity of the bacteriophage population to engage students in discovery of new viruses, genome annotation, and comparative genomics, with strong impacts on bacteriophage research, increased persistence in STEM fields, and student self-identification with learning gains, motivation, attitude, and career aspirations."""
NaN		971	"Jorgensen, J. E., et al. (2013). """"Do breaks in gastroenterology fellow endoscopy training result in a decrement in competency in colonoscopy?"""" Gastrointestinal Endoscopy 78(3): 503-509."""""	" Background: Skills decay without practice, but the degree is task specific. Some experts believe that it is essential to teach endoscopy longitudinally to build and maintain endoscopic skills. Objective: To determine whether breaks in gastroenterology fellow endoscopy training are associated with a decrement in competency in independent intubation of the cecum. Design: Observational cohort of colonoscopies performed by gastroenterology fellows. Setting: Academic fellowship program from July 2010 to March 2012. Subjects: Twenty-four fellows. Main Outcome Measurements: The adjusted change in the slope of cumulative summation learning curves for cecal intubation after breaks in training and the slope at the end of the subsequent endoscopy rotation. Results: A total of 6485 colonoscopies were performed by 24 fellows with 87 breaks in training. The average break was 6 weeks (range 2-36 weeks). Seventy-five percent of the breaks were 8 weeks or less. For every additional 4 weeks, the slope after the break worsened by 0.022 (P = .06, maximum possible change = -1.0 to +1.0). By the end of the subsequent rotation, there was no association between the slope of the learning curve and the length of the break (P = .68). Limitations: This was an observational study of only 24 fellows with relatively few long breaks. Cecal intubation is only 1 component of overall competency in colonoscopy. Conclusions: There may be a very small decrement in fellows' abilities to intubate the cecum after a break in endoscopy training. Because these changes are so small, teaching endoscopy in blocks is probably adequate, if necessary to balance other clinical and research experience. However, further research is needed to determine whether a longitudinal endoscopy experience is superior for attaining and maintaining competency, to evaluate the effects of breaks longer than 8 weeks, and to determine whether the effects of breaks depend on the previous volume of experience with colonoscopy."""
NaN		972	"Jukkala, A. M., et al. (2016). """"A Team Approach to Enhance Scholarship Among Honors Students in Nursing."""" Nursing Education Perspectives 37(3): 177-179."""""	" Honors programs within schools of nursing have the potential to enhance young nurses' interest in developing programs of research early in their careers and can thus contribute to the successful development of nursing knowledge. Such programs also provide opportunities to enhance knowledge and skill in leadership and teamwork at a critical time during the development of their professional nurse identity. This article presents the successful approach one organization took when revising its honors program to meet the current needs of students, society, and the profession."""
NaN		973	"Junge, B., et al. (2010). """"Promoting Undergraduate Interest, Preparedness, and Professional Pursuit in the Sciences: An Outcomes Evaluation of the SURE Program at Emory University."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 9(2): 119-132."""""	" We report on an outcomes assessment of the Summer Undergraduate Research Experience (SURE) Program at Emory University in Atlanta, GA. Using follow-up survey data and academic transcripts, we gauge SURE's impact on levels of interest in, preparedness for, and actual pursuit of graduate study and professional careers in the sciences for the program's first 15 summer cohorts (1990-2004). Our follow-up survey indicated significant increases in all research preparedness skills considered, notably in ability to give a poster research presentation, to discuss research at a graduate school interview, and to apply research ethics principles. About a third of SURE graduates went on to complete a graduate degree greater than 90% considered SURE as important or very important in their academic development. Respondents reported postprogram increases in the level of interest in academic and research careers, and reported high levels of employment in science careers and job satisfaction. Regression analyses of Emory SURE participant transcripts revealed that participants take significantly more science courses as seniors and earn higher grades in those courses than nonparticipants. This trend held after correcting for indicators of prior interest (first-year course work, GPA, and math SAT scores), gender, and minority status. We also report on an external survey completed by SURE participants. (Contains 8 tables, 1 figure and 3 footnotes.)"""
NaN		974	"Juniper, B., et al. (2012). """"A new approach to evaluating the well-being of PhD research students."""" Assessment & Evaluation in Higher Education 37(5): 563-576."""""	" This study describes the development of an assessment to evaluate the well-being of PhD researchers using a clinically approved methodology that places the perceptions and experiences of the subject population at the heart of its construction. It identifies and assesses the range and relative importance of seven distinct dimensions which are shown to impact adversely on the perceived well-being of student researchers across all stages of their studies. According to the findings, the well-being of doctoral students comprises needs relating to development, facilities, home and health, research, social, supervisor and university. The instrument was found to demonstrate good content validity and internal reliability. Its use offers new insights into the experiences of early career researchers and may inform efforts to better support them. This, in turn, may have a positive impact upon retention levels and future career choices for this research population. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		975	"Junisbai, B., et al. (2016). """"A Pragmatic and Flexible Approach to Information Literacy: Findings from a Three-Year Study of Faculty-Librarian Collaboration."""" Journal of Academic Librarianship 42(5): 604-611."""""	" While faculty often express dismay at their students' ability to locate and evaluate secondary sources, they may also be ambivalent about how to (and who should) teach the skills required to carry out quality undergraduate research. This project sought to assess the impact of programmatic changes and librarian course integration on students' information literacy (IL) skills. Using an IL rubric to score student papers (n = 337) over three consecutive first-year student cohorts, our study shows that when faculty collaborate with librarians to foster IL competencies, the result is a statistically significant improvement in students' demonstrated research skills. Our study also reveals a collaboration ""sweet spot"""": the greatest gains accrue when librarians provide moderate input into syllabus and assignment design, followed by one or two strategically placed hands-on library sessions. Successful collaboration thus need not entail completely overhauling content courses so as to make library instruction the centerpiece. Quite the opposite, librarians can help reduce the potential burden on faculty by supporting discipline- and course-specific research goals, as well as by sharing resources and best practices in IL pedagogy. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""""
NaN		976	"Juntunen, M. and M. Aksela (2013). """"Life-Cycle Analysis and Inquiry-Based Learning in Chemistry Teaching."""" Science Education International 24(2): 150-166."""""	" The purpose of this design research is to improve the quality of environmental literacy and sustainability education in chemistry teaching through combining a socio-scientific issue, life-cycle analysis (LCA), with inquiry-based learning (IBL). This first phase of the cyclic design research involved 20 inservice trained chemistry teachers from elementary to high school level and two researchers. The aim was to collaboratively develop and test teaching concepts that the teachers had created within in-service training courses over a period of two years. The research questions were: (i) How to develop concepts of chemistry teaching that combine IBL with LCA? and (ii) What kind of teaching concepts related to LCA do chemistry teachers develop in their own practice? The study presents a framework for the development process of new practices in chemistry teaching. The findings reveal that teachers can combine LCA with IBL on all school levels in several different ways. The most popular approach was a project-based student-centered inquiry concept, which combined social and personal teaching strategies. The study suggests that LCA-IBL approaches should be implemented into chemistry education at all school levels. The opportunities to foster several modern educational goals, including scientific literacy and sustainability competence, are also discussed. (Contains 3 figures and 1 table.)"""
NaN		977	"Juntunen, M. K. and M. K. Aksela (2014). """"Improving students' argumentation skills through a product life-cycle analysis project in chemistry education."""" Chemistry Education Research and Practice 15(4): 639-649."""""	" The aim of the study discussed in this paper was to link existing research about the argumentation skills of students to the teaching of life-cycle analysis (LCA) in order to promote an evidence-based approach to the teaching of and learning about materials used in consumer products. This case-study is part of a larger design research project that focuses on improving education for sustainable development (ESD) in chemistry teaching by means of combining a socio-scientific issue (SSI) and life-cycle analysis with inquiry-based learning. The research question was: How do students (N = 8) use scientific, ecological, socio-economical and ethical argumentation in the life-cycle analysis of a product? The research method for this study was content analysis performed on written student answers and an audio recording of a debate. The results show that the students' scientific and ecological argumentation skills with regard to the life-cycles of products were improved during the life-cycle analysis project. The studying also affected, to a lesser extent, the students' ability to form socio-economical and ethical arguments. The type of student-centred and cross-curricular product life-cycle analysis project discussed in this paper is a suitable new method for teaching socio-scientific argumentation to chemistry students at the secondary school level."""
NaN		978	"Jusoff, K. and L. Silikon (2008). """"A Forest Science Effective Research Supervision in the Faculty of Forestry, Universiti Putra Malaysia."""" International Education Studies 1(2): 58-64."""""	" At least historically, undergraduate research supervision has predominantly been seen as part of the basic research function of academic staff. In many fields of study, success in research requires not only sophisticated experimental and analytical skills, but good mentoring and managerial skills as well. This paper presents an observational case study and perception based on the author's true experiences exploring the most effective supervision of undergraduate students in the Faculty of Forestry, Universiti Putra Malaysia (UPM). Due to the need of a highly calibre first class honours undergraduates for the future pool of postgraduates and top notch academia in the Faculty and in UPM, the aim of this paper is therefore to provide a good practice guideline for supervision of undergraduates final year project reports/theses to ensure consistency of approach for staff and students across the faculty and university. Key topics covered include building an effective undergraduate final year project/theses supervisory relationship, negotiating expectations, providing good communication and feedback and providing motivation and guidance to them. Personal interviews of undergraduates' perceptions of their supervision as they undertake their final year research projects were presented. Students reported that only a select few of their supervisors were supportive and sympathetic to their needs. Only a few of the Faculty supervisors adopted the role of resource person, directing undergraduates to references and contacts, discussing ideas and work undertaken. Only a few students had considerable freedom in the conduct of their final year project work. They were not able to choose their own research topic and supervisor but most determined the pace at which they worked. Some appeared to cope well with the autonomous role of a junior researcher while some commented on difficulties. Though the majority of students were given considerable freedom in their research the results of the observation indicated some differences amongst supervisors."""
NaN		979	"Juszczak, G. R. and M. Miller (2016). """"Detour Behavior of Mice Trained with Transparent, Semitransparent and Opaque Barriers."""" Plos One 11(9)."""""	" Detour tasks are commonly used to study problem solving skills and inhibitory control in canids and primates. However, there is no comparable detour test designed for rodents despite its significance for studying the development of executive skills. Furthermore, mice offer research opportunities that are not currently possible to achieve when primates are used. Therefore, the aim of the study was to translate the classic detour task to mice and to compare obtained data with key findings obtained previously in other mammals. The experiment was performed with V-shaped barriers and was based on the water escape paradigm. The study showed that an apparently simple task requiring mice to move around a small barrier constituted in fact a challenge that was strongly affected by the visibility of the target. The most difficult task involved a completely transparent barrier, which forced the mice to resolve a conflict between vision and tactile perception. The performance depended both on the inhibitory skills and on previous experiences. Additionally, all mice displayed a preference for one side of the barrier and most of them relied on the egocentric strategy. Obtained results show for the first time that the behavior of mice subjected to the detour task is comparable to the behavior of other mammals tested previously with free-standing barriers. This detailed characterization of the detour behavior of mice constitutes the first step toward the substitution of rodents for primates in laboratory experiments employing the detour task."""
NaN		1055	"Kızılaslan, A., et al. (2012). """"Inquiry based teaching in Turkey: A content analysis of research reports."""" International Journal of Environmental and Science Education 7(4): 599-617."""""	" Inquiry-based learning [IBL] enhances students’ critical thinking abilities and help students to act as a scientist through using scientific method while learning. Specifically, inquiry as a teaching approach has been defined in many ways, the most important one is referred to nature of constructing knowledge while the individuals possess a question about natural worlds and explore the answers for the questions. The aim of this content analysis study was to analyze research related to inquiry based teaching through published research reports in the form of full papers and theses by Turkish researchers. For these purpose national and international journals and data bases were searched and totally 40 studies including 23 papers and 17 theses published in the last ten years were analyzed in terms of methodological approaches used and the subjects studied. Each paper and theses selected for analysis is subjected to a content analysis by using 'Paper Classification Form [PCF]' developed by the researchers. The results indicated that studies focused on teaching are most frequent with 77.5%. Regarding the research methods, quantitative approaches were the most common with 72.5 % and 62.5% quasi-experimental research method used widely. Commonly used data collection tools were achievement, aptitude, attitude, perception and personality tests together with alternative assessment tests. Most widely studied samples were selected from the primary level in national papers while undergraduates were most commonly studied groups in the international studies. The findings of this study indicated that inquiry based teaching is a new research area in Turkey and mostly practiced in science and technology education at primary level. This study may help researchers in other areas realizing practicability of inquiry in teaching and apply it into their disciplines. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1094	"Künzli, N., et al. (2015). """"Does the Swiss School of Public Health exist?"""" International Journal of Public Health 60(8): 873-875."""""	" The Swiss School of Public Health (SSPH+)—owner of the International Journal of Public Health—is moving into its second decade of existence. One of the missions of SSPH+ is to promote and maintain a skilled public health workforce at the local, national and international level through high quality education and training. To strengthen the link between research and practice and to influence research, training and policy-making remains another mission of SSPH+. In that regard, the SSPH+ network is dedicated to supporting a national population based large-scale cohort study and biobank. SSPH+ unifies the expertise needed to generate the data platform linking life and public health sciences to tackle, in a transdisciplinary manner, the challenges of health, health systems, and diseases in an integrated and equitable manner. In sum, SSPH+ is looking forward to tackling new options and opportunities relevant for public health academia. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		980	"Kabacoff, C., et al. (2013). """"A Summer Academic Research Experience for Disadvantaged Youth."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 12(3): 410-418."""""	" Internships are an effective way of connecting high school students in a meaningful manner to the sciences. Disadvantaged minorities have fewer opportunities to participate in internships, and are underrepresented in both science, technology, engineering, and mathematics majors and careers. We have developed a Summer Academic Research Experience (SARE) program that provides an enriching academic internship to underrepresented youth. Our program has shown that to have a successful internship for these disadvantaged youth, several issues need to be addressed in addition to scientific mentoring. We have found that it is necessary to remediate and/or fortify basic academic skills for students to be successful. In addition, students need to be actively coached in the development of professional skills, habits, and attitudes necessary for success in the workplace. With all these factors in place, these youths can become better students, compete on a more level playing field in their internships, and increase their potential of participating actively in the sciences in the future."""
NaN		981	"Kachina, O. A. (2012). """"Using WebQuests in the Social Sciences Classroom."""" Contemporary Issues in Education Research 5(3): 185-200."""""	" This article investigates if WebQuests have been an effective instructional tool for teaching Social Sciences subjects. In order to obtain an answer to this question, a review of scholarly literature from 1995 to the present has been undertaken and action research in 8th grade U.S. history course was conducted. The literature investigation has shown that WebQuests gained a prominent place as a valuable internet-based and inquiry-oriented teaching/learning tool that develops students' higher-order thinking skills and shifts the classroom toward being more student-centered. However, there has not been sufficient research to establish the effectiveness of this tool. The results of action research conducted in one of the middle schools in Northern California are a small contribution to this discussion."""
NaN		982	"Kafka, T., et al. (2011). """"Children as Subjects in Nutrition Research: A Retrospective Look at Their Perceptions."""" Journal of Nutrition Education and Behavior 43(2): 103-109."""""	" Objective: To explore children's motivations for and perceived benefits and barriers to nutrition research participation. To explore children's perspectives on how to improve the research experience. Design: Seven focus group sessions were conducted during March 2008 with research participants from a trial that examined the effects of pre-exercise snacks on physical activity and exercise stress in children. The Health Belief Model for Behavior Change served as the framework for understanding perceived benefits and barriers to research participation and cues to action to help children's readiness for future research participation. Setting: Indoor sports center in Acton, Massachusetts. Participants: Thirty-five children, 15 males and 20 females, aged 7-10 years. Phenomenon of Interest: Children's participation in nutrition research. Analysis: Transcripts were reviewed, coded, and sorted according to recurring trends and patterns using NVIVO software. Results: Participants were overwhelmingly motivated to participate in research because of financial incentives. The biggest barrier to participation was anxiety over finger pricks. Children suggested demonstrating different aspects of data collection during recruitment to reduce trepidation and using distraction techniques to improve the experience during anxiety-provoking data collection. Conclusion and Implications: Themes for benefits and barriers to research participation were identified. Data also provide a guide to promote readiness and to improve the research experience for children in future nutrition trials."""
NaN		983	"Kain, V. J., et al. (2014). """"Inside the research incubator: A case study of an intensive undergraduate research experience for nursing & midwifery students."""" Collegian 21(3): 217-223."""""	" Undergraduate research experiences are an increasing component of nursing and midwifery degrees. The Summer Research Scholarship Programme (SRSP) is a tertiary education initiative in Australia to provide an intensive undergraduate research experience. Between 2009 and 2010, six students and four academic faculty mentors in School of Nursing and Midwifery participated in an inaugural SRSP. This study explores the experiences of both students and faculty mentors to determine how this undergraduate research experience impacted student learning and interest in research. A qualitative case study approach was used to explore the research experiences of undergraduate student and faculty participants in an inaugural undergraduate research programme. Based on the results of two surveys four main themes were identified: (1) acquisition of research skills, (2) expectations, (3) academic engagement, and (4) continued interest in research. An intensive undergraduate research experience is a valuable component of student learning that has the capacity to contribute to immediate and longer-term learning and research outcomes. (C) 2013 Australian College of Nursing Ltd. Published by Elsevier Ltd."""
NaN		984	"Kaiser, B. N., et al. (2014). """"Undergraduate Research and a Liberal Arts Education: Similar Goals, Similar Solutions."""" Journal of College Science Teaching 43(5): 48-54."""""	" In this nascent age of massive online education, it is important to recognize that the goals and successes of a liberal arts education have been to provide an intellectual array of ideas that build critical thinking skills and to engage a new generation of students with society's great challenges and vast opportunities. Nowhere are these opportunities richer than in the basic research questions being posed every day at a research university. In this paper, we argue that the goals of a liberal arts education and undergraduate research are remarkably similar and that by incorporating an undergraduate research focus with a liberal arts approach in the classroom, instructors can more effectively achieve the goals of both. We present the example of ORDER (On Recent Discoveries by Emory Researchers), a series of multidisciplinary, team-taught seminar courses for freshmen and seniors. We argue that ORDER's unique structure provides students with effective opportunities to achieve the core goals of a liberal arts education and a research education, namely to enhance the ability to think critically and draw connections, engage in research as a process, pursue authentic investigation of real-world problems, develop interdisciplinary and collaborative skills, and present ideas creatively."""
NaN		985	"Kalichman, M. W. and D. K. Plemmons (2015). """"Research agenda: The effects of responsible-conduct-of-research training on attitudes."""" Journal of Empirical Research on Human Research Ethics 10(5): 457-459."""""	" Requirements for training in responsible conduct of research have significantly increased over the past 25 years, despite the absence of evidence for a substantial impact. One of the challenges has been to choose among the many possible goals that might define outcomes. Although much of the focus of research has been on changes in knowledge or skills, a case can be made that attitudes and perceptions are at least as important. Based on a recently completed pilot study, the authors propose several areas for research to clarify not only what but also how attitudes and perceptions would be usefully assessed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		986	"Kamal, A. K., et al. (2015). """"A randomized controlled behavioral intervention trial to improve medication adherence in adult stroke patients with prescription tailored Short Messaging Service (SMS)-SMS4Stroke study."""" BMC Neurology 15."""""	" Background: The effectiveness of mobile technology to improve medication adherence via customized Short Messaging Service (SMS) reminders for stroke has not been tested in resource poor areas. We designed a randomized controlled trial to test the effectiveness of SMS on improving medication adherence in stroke survivors in Pakistan. Methods: This was a parallel group, assessor-blinded, randomized, controlled, superiority trial. Participants were centrally randomized in fixed block sizes. Adult participants on multiple medications with access to a cell phone and stroke at least 4 weeks from onset (Onset as defined by last seen normal) were eligible. The intervention group, in addition to usual care, received reminder SMS for 2 months that contained a) Personalized, prescription tailored daily medication reminder(s) b) Twice weekly health information SMS. The Health Belief Model and Social Cognitive theory were used to design the language and content of messages. Frontline SMS software was used for SMS delivery. Medication adherence was self-reported and measured on the validated Urdu version of Morisky Medication Adherence Questionnaire. Multiple linear regression was used to model the outcome against intervention and other covariates. Analysis was conducted by intention-to-treat principle. Results: Two hundred participants were enrolled. 38 participants were lost to follow-up. After 2 months, the mean medication score was 7.4 (95 % CI: 7.2–7.6) in the intervention group while 6.7 (95 % CI: 6.4–7.02) in the control group. The adjusted mean difference (Δ) was 0.54 (95 % CI: 0.22–0.85). The mean diastolic blood pressure in the intervention group was 2.6 mmHg (95 % CI  −5.5 to 0.15) lower compared to the usual care group. Conclusion: A short intervention of customized SMS can improve medication adherence and effect stroke risk factors like diastolic blood pressure in stroke survivors with complex medication regimens living in resource poor areas. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		987	"Kamal, A. K., et al. (2015). """"Improving medication adherence in stroke patients through Short Text Messages (SMS4Stroke)-study protocol for a randomized, controlled trial."""" BMC Neurology 15."""""	" Background: Stroke is a major cause of morbidity and mortality, especially in low and middle income countries. Medical management is the mainstay of therapy to prevent recurrence of stroke. Current estimates are that only 1 in 6 patients have perfect adherence to medication schedules. Using SMS (Short Messaging Service) as reminders to take medicines have been used previously for diseases such as diabetes and HIV with moderate success. We aim to explore the effectiveness and acceptability of SMS in increasing adherence to medications in patients with stroke. Methods: This will be a randomized, controlled, assessor blinded single center superiority trial. Adult participants with access to a cell phone and a history of stroke longer than 1 month on multiple risk modifying medications will be selected from Neurology and Stroke Clinic. They will be randomized into two parallel groups in a 1:1 ratio via block technique with one group receiving the standard of care as per institutional guidelines while the parallel group receiving SMS reminders for each dose of medicine in addition to the standard of care. In addition intervention group will receive messages for lifestyle changes, medication information, risk factors and motivation for medication adherence. These will be modeled on Social Cognitive Theory and Health Belief Model and will be categorized by Michies Taxonomy of Behavioral Change Communication. Patient compliance to medicines will be measured at baseline and then after 2 months in each group by using the Morisky Medication Adherence Scale. The change in compliance to medication regimen after the intervention and the difference between the two groups will be used to determine the effectiveness of SMS reminders as a tool to increase medication compliance. The acceptability of the SMS will be determined by a tool designed for this study whose attributes are based Rogers Diffusion of innovation theory. Discussion: The SMS for Stroke Study will provide evidence for feasibility and effectiveness of SMS in improving post stroke medication adherence in an LMIC setting. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		988	"Kamm, R. D. and R. Bashir (2014). """"Creating Living Cellular Machines."""" Annals of Biomedical Engineering 42(2): 445-459."""""	" Development of increasingly complex integrated cellular systems will be a major challenge for the next decade and beyond, as we apply the knowledge gained from the sub-disciplines of regenerative medicine, synthetic biology, micro-fabrication and nanotechnology, systems biology, and developmental biology. In this prospective, we describe the current state-of-the-art in the assembly of source cells, derived from pluripotent cells, into populations of a single cell type to produce the components or building blocks of higher order systems and finally, combining multiple cell types, possibly in combination with scaffolds possessing specific physical or chemical properties, to produce higher level functionality. We also introduce the issue, questions and ample research opportunities to be explored by others in the field. As these ""living machines"""" increase in capabilities, exhibit emergent behavior and potentially reveal the ability for self-assembly, self-repair, and even self-replication, questions arise regarding the ethical implications of this work. Future prospects as well as ways of addressing these complex ethical questions will be discussed."""""
NaN		989	"Kane, J. M. (2007). """"Editorial: Schizophrenia International Research Society."""" Schizophrenia Bulletin 33(6): 1259-1259."""""	" Schizophrenia remains one of the most devastating and challenging to treat illnesses in all of medicine. Despite enormous interdisciplinary research efforts, progress in understanding the etiology and pathophysiology of schizophrenia seems, at times, painfully slow. In addition, there is considerable debate as to the degree of progress that has been made in the pharmacologic treatment of this disorder. The Society also plans to hold regional meetings around the world, either independently or in conjunction with other organizations. A major goal is to enhance research training and research support on global level and to facilitate the dissemination of new knowledge to all regions of the world. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		990	"Kang, N., et al. (2013). """"An Expressive Virtual Audience with Flexible Behavioral Styles."""" Ieee Transactions on Affective Computing 4(4): 326-340."""""	" Currently, expressive virtual humans are used in psychological research, training, and psychotherapy. However, the behavior of these virtual humans is usually scripted and therefore cannot be modified freely at runtime. To address this, we created a virtual audience with parameterized behavioral styles. This paper presents a parameterized audience model based on probabilistic models abstracted from the observation of real human audiences dn (n = 16) The audience's behavioral style is controlled by model parameters that define virtual humans' moods, attitudes, and personalities. Employing these parameters as predictors, the audience model significantly predicts audience behavior. To investigate if people can recognize the designed behavioral styles generated by this model, 12 audience styles were evaluated by two groups of participants. One group dn (n = 22) was asked to describe the virtual audience freely, and the other group dn (n = 22) was asked to rate the audiences on eight dimensions. The results indicated that people could recognize different audience attitudes and even perceive the different degrees of certain audience attitudes. In conclusion, the audience model can generate expressive behavior to show different attitudes by modulating model parameters."""
NaN		991	"Kapanadze, M., et al. (2015). """"ENHANCING SCIENCE TEACHERS' CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT IN THE FIELD OF INQUIRY BASED SCIENCE EDUCATION."""" Journal of Baltic Science Education 14(2): 254-266."""""	" Decreasing motivation in science classes is often reported in many countries. Georgia, one of the post Soviet countries, has overcome the highly centralised educational system and nowadays implements a new national educational reform. National reforms demand more student-active and inquiry-based learning. Many Georgian teachers aren't ready for these changes and need professional development training to enhance their professional skills in Inquiry-Based Science Education (IBSE). Therefore Ilia State University offers special continuous professional development (CPD) programs for science teachers in the frame of PROFILES project. The aim of the research was to determine what profession oriented attitudes and concerns Georgian in-service science teachers have regarding IBSE and what changes are visible after the implementation of PROFILES-based CPD programme. In order to conduct the research, the Stages of Concern model was used. 40 teachers took part in the two terms of the CPD programme. Research shows that the implemented CPD programme fosters the professional attitudes and concerns of Georgian science teachers in a positive manner. Therefore, it can be highly recommended to use the framework of the PROFILES-based CPD programme(s)."""
NaN		992	"Kapon, S. (2016). """"Doing research in school: Physics inquiry in the zone of proximal development."""" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 53(8): 1172-1197."""""	" Research experience is increasingly considered an important component of science education at the secondary school and undergraduate levels. This paper presents a case study of students learning in a unique apprenticeship model in which students are engaged in long‐term (18 month) open‐ended research projects in physics that are done at the laboratory in school, and in which the project advisor is a physics teacher supported by a community of teacher–researchers. The goals of the study were to characterize what the students learned, how they perceived their inquiry and their role in it, the features of mentorship they received and the social‐infrastructure in which they and their advisor functioned. Qualitative data were collected over a whole school year through interviews, weekly observations, and content analysis of the final research reports. Participants were the focus advisor, and some of his former and current project mentees. Data on the larger educational context were collected from other project advisors and their mentees. The study documented students’ learning gains such as learning of scientific content and skills, internalization of scientific habits of thought as well as developing passion, interest, and agency with regard to science. It documented features of students’ engagement that reflect deep involvement in the technical and epistemic aspects of the inquiry, and highlighted the specific features of mentorship, and the social infrastructure that fostered this learning and engagement. It concluded with a theoretical examination of the interaction between a cultural discipline (i.e., physics), the social infrastructure in which the advisor and the students function, the advisor's mentorship style, and the students’ learning and engagement. Theoretical and practical implications are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		993	"Karam, E. A. and D. H. Sprenkle (2010). """"The research-informed clinician: A guide to training the next-generation mft."""" Journal of Marital and Family Therapy 36(3): 307-319."""""	" The gap between clinical research and practice is a major challenge facing marriage and family therapy (MFT) training programs. Until now, the answer to bridge this gap has primarily been the Boulder Scientist-Practitioner Model. Although realistic for doctoral students, it may not be a good fit for MFT master’s students who have primarily clinical career ambitions—which we believe is a legitimate and positive career choice. The following article articulates a 'research informed' perspective as opposed to the scientist-practitioner framework as a research-training model for clinically oriented MFT master’s programs. After articulating the similarities and differences between these two approaches, the authors outline 10 practical ideas to integrate research into programs that desire to remain clinical in focus, but also research informed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		994	"Karani, R., et al. (2013). """"Medical students' experiences with authorship in biomedical research: A national survey."""" Academic Medicine 88(3): 364-368."""""	" Purpose: To explore authorship issues related to medical students’ primary research projects, assess medical students’ knowledge about authorship issues in biomedical research, and determine their interest in learning about authorship guidelines. Method: In 2011, the authors developed and conducted an electronic survey of 243 U.S. medical students who attended an educational event at the National Institutes of Health as part of their funded, yearlong research fellowship programs. The authors then analyzed the results using descriptive statistics. Results: Of 243 students, 152 (63%) responded. Most (120/151  79%) had completed or were in the process of writing a manuscript based on their projects. Of these, most (95/119  80%) wrote the entire manuscript independently or with guidance. Whereas almost two-thirds (99/152  65%) indicated that expectations and criteria for authorship were clarified for them, 26% (40/152) indicated that they were not. Most students (108/118  92%) were in the authorship position they expected and had no concerns about who the other authors were (91/119  77%). Of those with concerns, 52% (11/21) did not raise the issue for fear of challenging their mentor. Two-thirds (95/145  66%) never received formal training in authorship guidelines, and 41% (42/103) believed such training would be valuable. Conclusions: Although a majority of students had conversations about authorship and were clear about the guidelines for ethical authorship, additional work is needed. The authors recommend that academic institutions develop a menu of options for teaching students about this important area in research ethics. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		995	"Kardash, C. M. and O. V. Edwards (2012). """"Thinking and behaving like scientists: Perceptions of undergraduate science interns and their faculty mentors."""" Instructional Science 40(6): 875-899."""""	" We examined undergraduate research experiences (UREs) participants’ and their faculty mentors’ beliefs about the professional practices and dispositions of research scientists. In Study 1, 63 science interns and their mentors rated Merton’s (J Legal Political Sociol, 1:115–126, 1942) norms and Mitroff’s (Am Sociol Rev, 39(August):579–595, 1974) counter-norms of scientific practice. Specifically, we investigated what practices they believed research scientists should subscribe to (or not), and what practices they believed actually characterized research scientists’ behavior in the real world. Regarding idealized practice, mentors rated the norms significantly higher than did interns  mentors and interns generally did not differ in subscription to the counter-norms. Regarding actual practice, mentors believed scientists’ behaviors reflected counter-norms more than norms. Mentors further noted discrepancies between practices that should represent and actually did represent scientists’ work. In Study 2, interns and mentors listed characteristics associated with 'thinking' and 'behaving' like scientists. Personal and professional dispositions were mentioned more than intellectual and research skills. Although there was considerable consensus between faculty and intern perceptions, findings also revealed discrepancies that could be addressed in UREs, thereby aiding undergraduates’ socialization into the culture of scientific practice. Suggestions are provided for broadening interns’ conceptions of both scientists and science. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		996	"Karlsen, H., et al. (2015). """"Teaching outbreak investigation to undergraduate food technologists."""" British Food Journal 117(2): 766-778."""""	" Purpose - Investigations of food-borne outbreaks are complex and require multidisciplinary collaboration. The purpose of this paper is to help food technologists face this challenge and be competent members of a multidisciplinary team, a study module on the investigation of a ""real-life"""" food-borne outbreak was developed. Design/methodology/approach - The module design was based on the principles of inquiry-based learning with the purpose to motivate and activate students with challenging assignments. The didactic impact of the module was evaluated as a qualitative case study with questionnaires, reflection assignments and interviews of students and lecturers. Findings - A teaching module developed by an external professional taking part in the academic environment provides a learning environment well adapted to the curriculum, as well as bringing first-hand realism and enthusiasm into the classroom. The external lecturer's dedication to the subject was appreciated by the students. A majority of the students believed that the outbreak investigation simulation play gave a better understanding of how food-borne outbreaks are investigated. A majority of the students 68 per cent (2011) and 82 per cent (2012) believed that what they learned in this module would be useful in a future work situation. Research limitations/implications - There are some limitations to the study, the most important one being the small sample size, and as the classes rarely exceeds 30 students, the use of a control group was not logistically feasible. Originality/value - Teaching food technologists to become knowledgeable professionals in this field will constitute a valuable contribution to the multidisciplinary food-borne outbreak investigation team. In turn, this may increase confidence among the general public in the food industry."""""
NaN		997	"Karpenko, L. and L. Dietz (2013). """"The 21st Century Digital Student: Google Books as a Tool in Promoting Undergraduate Research in the Humanities."""" Journal of Effective Teaching 13(1): 89-106."""""	" In this article, we contend that publically available, mass digitization projects, such as Google Books, present faculty, regardless of their specific institutional context, with an exciting opportunity to promote meaningful undergraduate research in the humanities. By providing a classroom case study and by proposing an institutional model, we suggest that the Google Books archive can be a powerful tool in helping to establish research in the humanities as a regular and expected component of the undergraduate experience."""
NaN		998	"Kaur, S. and G. K. Sidhu (2009). """"A Qualitative Study of Postgraduate Students' Learning Experiences in Malaysia."""" International Education Studies 2(3): 47-56."""""	" In Malaysia, postgraduate coursework and research training have expanded significantly in attracting both domestic and international students from Southeast Asia and the Middle East. The task of evaluating the student learning experience in postgraduate education can point out to researchers and university educators various mismatches that would not be immediately known otherwise. In this study, 83 MA and MEd students in two public universities in Malaysia submitted written narratives to discuss their postgraduate learning experiences. Of this total, 10% of the respondents (12 postgraduate students) also volunteered to be interviewed. The findings of this qualitative study showed that the following dimensions impacted on students' learning experiences: knowledge, values and contacts acquired, professional and personal values acquired and specific learning problems encountered. The implications of the results of this study suggest that public universities in Malaysia can take proactive steps to celebrate learner diversity when addressing students' difficulties in their continuous effort to further enhance support and facilities for their postgraduate students."""
NaN		999	"Kazemi, N., et al. (2016). """"A fuzzy lot-sizing problem with two-stage composite human learning."""" International Journal of Production Research 54(16): 5010-5025."""""	" Due to the repetitive nature of inventory planning over the planning horizon, the operator in charge has to perform planning tasks repetitively, and consequently s/he becomes more familiar with the tasks over time. Familiarity with the tasks suggests that learning takes place in inventory planning. Even though the operator's learning over time might improve his/her efficiency, prior research on fuzzy lot-sizing problems mostly overlooked the effect of human learning in their models and its impact on the operator's performance. To close the research gap in this area, this paper models the operator's learning in a fuzzy economic order quantity model with backorders. The paper models a situation where the operator applies the acquired knowledge over the cycles in setting the fuzzy parameters at the beginning of every planning cycle, where his/her learning ability includes the cognitive and motor capabilities of a human being. Subsequently, a mathematical model which takes account of a two-stage human learning over the planning cycles is developed, which is then analytically investigated using sample data-sets. The results indicate that both operator's capabilities, cognitive and motor, affect the efficiency of the fuzzy lot-sizing inventory model, but the influence of the cognitive capability is more profound, which in turn suggests the importance of training programmes for the workforces. The results of the sensitivity analysis also draw some managerial insights for the case that some model parameters vary over the planning horizon."""
NaN		1000	"Kazempour, M. (2009). """"Impact of Inquiry-Based Professional Development on Core Conceptions and Teaching Practices: A Case Study."""" Science Educator 18(2): 56-68."""""	" Teaching science through inquiry-based, student-centered instructional methods has been consistently emphasized by science education reform documents such as the National Research Council's (NRC) ""National Science Education Standards"""" (NSES), and practically all states have adopted inquiry standards. In order for science education reforms to succeed, it is necessary for teachers to be familiar with and utilize inquiry-based practices in their classrooms""  however, this is not the case in many classrooms around the country. Although, there may be numerous explanations to account for this unfortunate phenomenon, one of the most important reasons to recognize and address is teachers' lack of familiarity with and inability to effectively employ inquiry-based instructional methods in their classrooms. Professional development as a tool to enhance teaching is especially stressed in science education reform documents (e.g. NSES) that emphasize inquiry teaching  however, as suggested by prior studies, not all professional development experiences can be defined as successful and fruitful. Professional development programs should model inquiry-based instruction and allow teachers opportunities to experience science inquiry in an active, collaborative setting and through authentic inquiry research. Beginning in 2003, one such professional development program has allowed high school science teachers in a particular Midwestern state to have opportunities to experience science inquiry first-hand and learn about inquiry-based teaching. An earlier case-study by Lotter, et al. (2007) involved three high school science teachers who participated in a two-week inquiry-based professional development workshop and reported on the type and degree of change in four core conceptions: (1) conceptions of science  (2) conceptions of students and student learning  (3) conceptions of effective teaching practices  and (4) conceptions about the purpose of education. This current case study focuses on a participant attending the same professional development program two years later whose teaching assignments included three different courses. The study aims to explore the changes in the core conceptions and instructional practices of this teacher with regard to all three courses. Furthermore, factors that aid or inhibit the implementation of inquiry-based teaching in these different courses are examined. (Contains 1 figure.)"""
NaN		1001	"Kazempour, M. and A. Amirshokoohi (2014). """"Authentic Science Apprenticeship for In-Service Science Teachers: Participant Experiences, Reflections, Cognitive and Affective Outcomes, and Connections to Practice."""" Professional Development in Education 40(5): 855-878."""""	" The success of science education reform initiatives depends considerably on the teachers. Effective professional development opportunities have been shown to encourage and support teachers in their adoption of inquiry-based teaching practices. In particular, it has been argued that an effective means for science teachers to learn about science inquiry is through contextual learning experiences, which allow teachers to be immersed in the culture of science. The purpose of this qualitative study was to explore professional development participants' individual and collective experiences, thoughts, reflections and evolving beliefs, attitudes and knowledge within the context of a two-week summer research apprenticeship program for secondary science teachers. Four profiles of teachers emerged based on their type and level of involvement in the science laboratory in which they were placed. The findings allude to changes in participants' attitudes and sense of self-confidence toward science as well as their knowledge about science inquiry as a process and as an approach to teaching. We will also discuss how participants planned to implement their learning experiences in their classrooms."""
NaN		1002	"Kazempour, M. and A. Amirshokoohi (2014). """"Transitioning to Inquiry-Based Teaching: Exploring Science Teachers' Professional Development Experiences."""" International Journal of Environmental and Science Education 9(3): 285-309."""""	" The literature on professional development is replete with studies that utilize survey, interview, and classroom observation data, primarily collected post professional development experience, to explore teachers' knowledge, beliefs, and actions  however, we lack a clear understanding of teachers' learning process and reflections during the professional development. The current study aims to address the above mentioned gaps in the literature, by utilizing participant reflections and assignments during a summer professional development opportunity, to elucidate the process by which teachers learn about inquiry-based teaching and begin to implement it in their planning, in addition to factors they deem influential in this process. The findings address three questions about professional development: 1) participants' process of developing professionally, 2) features of effective professional development, and 3) the relationship between participants and the program. Furthermore, a web of interrelationships is revealed between participant-identified beneficial programmatic features and the participants' experiences, processes of personal, social, and professional development, evolving conceptions and beliefs, and the translation of these beliefs into practice, as evident in their immediate implementation of ideas in instructional planning."""
NaN		1003	"Kazura, K. and H. Tuttle (2010). """"Research based learning approach: Students perspectives of skills obtained."""" Journal of Instructional Psychology 37(3): 210-215."""""	" This study describes undergraduate students' evaluation of skills gained from two different research experiences (observation vs. interview) while enrolled in a child development course (N = 83). At the end of the semester students were asked to complete a skills questionnaire. Factor analysis revealed three themes that were used to create the following variables: data collection skills, writing and presentation skills, and professional development skills. MANOVA analysis produced an overall mean difference between these two groups, with significant univariate effects for the data collection skills F (1, 63) = 4.95, p <. 05, writing and presentation skills F (1, 63) = 33.72, p < .01, and professional development skills F (1, 63) = 4.23, p < .05. Students' comments regarding their research experiences were also analyzed. Students enjoyed making the connections between course content and children's behavior in a natural setting. They recommended that future students would enjoy conducting research and advised them to utilize time-management skills to promote success in the course. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1004	"Kecskemethy, T. A. (2008). """"The Spencer Research Training Grant at the Penn Graduate School of Education: Implementation and Effects."""" Teachers College Record 110(7): 1397-1423."""""	" Background/Context: The Research Training Grant (RTG) program at the University of Pennsylvania's Graduate School of Education aimed to create strong research training experiences for predissertation fellows through generous financial aid, mentored research apprenticeships, and cocurricular experiences. Collectively these offerings sought to broaden knowledge of urban education and exposure to diverse research methods. Initiated in a context of significant institutional growth and change, the RTG also sought to improve the research training experiences of PhD students outside the RTG program, making broader discussions of urban education, educational research, and social research more integral to the general PhD student experience and to the life of the school. This was attempted with the launch of a schoolwide seminar series on educational research, the introduction of an annual student research symposium administered by the RTG fellows, and continuing faculty attention to policies affecting doctoral student mentoring and research training. Purpose/Objective/Research Question/Focus of Study: The article describes the aims and organization of the program and discusses strengths and challenges identified by students and faculty. Research Design: This is a qualitative case study. Conclusions/Recommendations: The operation of the RTG program at Penn offers several insights into how education schools might get the most out of their investments in doctoral students and doctoral education: (1) Its support of rigorous, discipline-based research training complemented by opportunities for interdisciplinary exposure seems to be important. Further, such initiatives are systematically supported with investments by the faculty and the administration. (2) The opportunity for students to approach research and problems of practice from multiple disciplinary perspectives was a significant perceived benefit of the RTG program's operation at Penn. (3) A flexible model of research apprenticeship, creative seminars, and symposia all helped to illuminate the strengths and limitations of discipline-based research. (4) Penn GSE PhD students who engaged in discussions that promoted epistemological diversity were better off for it. This sort of work is unlikely to occur at the level of the individual degree program, so engagement and support from the whole faculty are implied. (5) ""Institutionalizing"""" these sorts of experiences and opportunities for students may mean consideration of structures and supports for doctoral student training that are unconventional, multidisciplinary, and collaborative."""""
NaN		1005	"Keeley, P. W. (2008). """"Improving the evidence base in palliative medicine: A moral imperative."""" Journal of Medical Ethics: Journal of the Institute of Medical Ethics 34(10): 757-760."""""	" The difficulties of undertaking good quality effectiveness research in palliative medicine are well documented. Much of the ethical literature in this area focuses on the vulnerability of the palliative care population. It is clear that a wider ethical approach will need to be used to justify research in the terminally ill. Some themes of ethical thought are underutilised in considering the ethics of palliative care research. Three arguments to justify the need for effectiveness research in palliative care should be highlighted: (1) there is evidence of an untapped altruism amongst the population of palliative care patients who would be keen to be involved in such research  (2) traditional Aristotelean and Thomistic virtue ethics would point to the need to gain knowledge in and of itself, but especially in palliative medicine for the benefit of patients: virtue also accrues in the acquisition of a stock of research experience which in turn makes further research feasible  (3) most compellingly, justice would dictate that palliative treatments are effective, that futile or useless treatments are avoided and that patients are not party to 'n of 1' trials by default. The current state of the evidence base of effectiveness in palliative care leads us to the uncomfortable position where patients are in precisely the position of being unwitting participants in 'n of 1' clinical trials by default, without their explicit consent. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1006	"Keen-Rhinehart, E., et al. (2009). """"Interactive methods for teaching action potentials, an example of teaching innovation from neuroscience postdoctoral fellows in the Fellowships in Research and Science Teaching (FIRST) program."""" The Journal of Undergraduate Neuroscience Education 7(2): A74-A79."""""	" Acquiring a faculty position in academia is extremely competitive and now typically requires more than just solid research skills and knowledge of one’s field. Recruiting institutions currently desire new faculty that can teach effectively, but few postdoctoral positions provide any training in teaching methods. Fellowships in Research and Science Teaching (FIRST) is a successful postdoctoral training program funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH) providing training in both research and teaching methodology. The FIRST program provides fellows with outstanding interdisciplinary biomedical research training in fields such as neuroscience. The postdoctoral research experience is integrated with a teaching program which includes a How to Teach course, instruction in classroom technology and course development and mentored teaching. During their mentored teaching experiences, fellows are encouraged to explore innovative teaching methodologies and to perform science teaching research to improve classroom learning. FIRST fellows teaching neuroscience to undergraduates have observed that many of these students have difficulty with the topic of neuroscience. Therefore, we investigated the effects of interactive teaching methods for this topic. We tested two interactive teaching methodologies to determine if they would improve learning and retention of this information when compared with standard lectures. The interactive methods for teaching action potentials increased understanding and retention. Therefore, FIRST provides excellent teaching training, partly by enhancing the ability of fellows to integrate innovative teaching methods into their instruction. This training in turn provides fellows that matriculate from this program more of the characteristics that hiring institutions desire in their new faculty. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1007	"Keepnews, D. M. (2011). """"Editorial: LGBT health issues and nursing."""" Policy, Politics, & Nursing Practice 12(2): 71-72."""""	" In March 2011, the Institute of Medicine (IOM) released an important new report on 'The Health of Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender People: Building a Foundation for Better Understanding' (IOM, Committee on Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Health Issues and Research Gaps and Opportunities, 2011). The report focused on current evidence of LGBT health disparities, gaps in knowledge, and steps to be taken to enhance research on LGBT health. The IOM had convened an expert panel at the request of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) to assess the state of the science on LGBT health, identify research gaps and opportunities related to LGBT health, outline a research agenda to assist NIH in enhancing research efforts in this area, and to consider research training needs to advance knowledge related to LGBT health. The report identified significant gaps in data as well as the need for greater evidence on the health issues facing Lesbians, gay men, and transgendered people as distinct populations. The reports' findings that there is insufficient research on LGBT health are not surprising. What is most significant is that the report came from the IOM—an organization with considerable stature, and a record of rigorous review of its findings and recommendations—and that it was developed at the behest of the NIH with a goal of advising it on advancing research in this area. These and other developments represent important steps toward recognizing that LGBT health and health care are mainstream concerns, requiring the attention of every health professional, institution, and agency—rather than 'marginal' concerns that pertain only to a limited group of providers or services. These developments are also an important wake-up call to the nursing profession to take up the issues of LGBT health and health care in a consistent and visible manner. I also recognize a need for this journal to address policy issues related to LGBT health. This is a gap I would welcome assistance in filling, and we plan to issue a call for papers shortly. The nursing profession has tremendous contributions to make toward improving the evidence base for LGBT health, spearheading interventions designed to reduce disparities, and increasing patient-centered, culturally appropriate care for all individuals. The current heightened prominence of LGBT health, health care, and health research poses a challenge to the nursing profession to give these issues the focus they require. The time to rise to that challenge is now. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1008	"Kehm, B. M. (2007). """"Quo Vadis Doctoral Education? New European Approaches in the Context of Global Changes."""" European Journal of Education 42(3): 307-319."""""	" The first part of the article provides an overview of the changing policy contexts in Europe and North America in which doctoral education and training are embedded and points out the similarities and differences of the ongoing debates and concerns about doctoral education in the two world regions. The second part provides some insight into the differentiation of motives and purposes of doctoral education which has led to a differentiation of the models for doctoral education based on a clearer distinction between a research and a professional doctorate. In the third part, a number of networks, projects and initiatives concerned with reforming doctoral education are introduced to serve as an illustration of the direction current changes are taking. The last part draws some conclusions, emphasising in particular the fact that knowledge production has become a strategic resource in the emerging knowledge economies and thus an object of policy-making and institutional management. This development tends to lead to a concentration of research and research training in fewer institutions."""
NaN		1009	Keiser, M. M., et al. (2014). GROWING TEACHERS FOR A NEW AGE: NURTURING CONSTRUCTIVIST, INQUIRYBASED TEACHING. Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 2: 303-324.	" Brevard College is a small, liberal arts college in Western North Carolina committed to experiential education. The Teacher Education Program prepares future teachers to lead the next generation of learning communities by nurturing values and skills necessary for inquiry-based teaching. Darling-Hammond (2005) reaffirms that one critical aspect of school reform is ""preparing accomplished teachers who can effectively teach a wide array of learners to high standards... essential to economic and political survival"""" (p. 238). Admittedly, this is no easy task. Newly licensed candidates face a convergence of politics, economic, and demographic 21st century realities. Faculty and candidates need a deep understanding of constructivist theory to prepare for inquiry-based teaching. This knowledge must not just be a tag line on a syllabus but embedded in heads and heart. Reflecting on how theory is put into practice, through explicit minds-on/hands-on field experiences in diverse community partnerships, teacher candidates are empowered. The lessons learned by a newly licensed constructivist-based teacher boldly sharing his passion for inquiry-based teaching in a public school setting offers a glimpse of potential hope."""""
NaN		1010	"Keith, N., et al. (2010). """"Active/exploratory training promotes transfer even in learners with low motivation and cognitive ability."""" Applied Psychology: An International Review 59(1): 97-123."""""	" Active training approaches encourage self-directed exploration, whereas guided training stresses direct instruction and external guidance during training. The present research investigated interactions of individual-difference variables—motivation and cognitive ability—and training approach on performance in tasks that are similar to training tasks (analogical transfer) and tasks that are novel and distinct from training tasks (adaptive transfer). In accordance with a resource allocation framework (Kanfer & Ackerman, 1989), we expected effects of individual differences on transfer performance to be reduced after active/exploratory training compared with guided training, because participants of exploratory training engage in the same kind of metacognitive processing during training and transfer. Consequently, attentional demands are reduced during transfer, whereas for participants of guided training the transfer situation imposes high attentional demands. Experiment 1 (N=37) taught a word processing program and Experiment 2 (N=110) taught a presentation program using either active/exploratory or guided training. Consistent with previous research, training methods were equally effective for analogical transfer but active/exploratory training led to better adaptive transfer. In addition, interaction hypotheses were supported. Contrary to common recommendations, results suggest that active/exploratory training is suitable for promoting transfer even in learners with relatively low motivation and ability. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1011	"Kellam, N. N., et al. (2008). """"The Faculty Perspective on Holistic and Systems Thinking in American and Australian Mechanical Engineering Programmes."""" European Journal of Engineering Education 33(1): 45-57."""""	" This research effort examined current mechanical engineering educational programmes in America and Australia to determine the degree of holistic, systems thinking of each programme. Faculty from ten American universities and ten Australian universities participated in online surveys and interviews. Resulting data analysis and interpretation suggest that holistic, systems thinking is present in both American and Australian engineering educational programmes, although it is more prevalent in Australian programmes. Specific examples of educational opportunities (courses, projects, extracurricular activities, research experiences) that integrate complex systems study are described in the full paper. This study is currently limited a small sample size within two countries, but it would be very useful to expand the study to a larger population and to include European sites to gain a fuller picture of the state of holistic, systems thinking in higher education. (Contains 6 tables and 2 figures.)"""
NaN		1012	"Keller, T. E., et al. (2014). """"APPLIED RESEARCH Early Career Mentoring for Translational Researchers: Mentee Perspectives on Challenges and Issues."""" Teaching and Learning in Medicine 26(3): 211-216."""""	" The education and training of early career biomedical translational researchers often involves formal mentoring by more experienced colleagues. Purposes: This study investigated the nature of these mentoring relationships from the perspective of mentees. The objective was to understand the challenges and issues encountered by mentees in forming and maintaining productive mentoring relationships. Methods: Three focus groups (n = 14) were conducted with early career researchers who had mentored career development awards. Thematic analysis identified, categorized, and illustrated the challenges and issues reported by mentees. Results: The range of mentee challenges was reflected in five major categories: (a) network-finding appropriate mentors to meet various needs  (b) access-structuring schedules and opportunities to receive mentoring  (c) expectations-negotiating the mechanics of the mentoring relationship and its purpose  (d) alignment-managing mentor-mentee mismatches regarding interests, priorities, and goals  and (e) skills and supports-developing the institutional supports to be successful. Conclusions: Mentoring relationships created for academic training and career development contend with tasks common to many other relationships, namely, recognizing compatibility, finding time, establishing patterns, agreeing to goals, and achieving aims. Identifying challenges faced by mentees can facilitate the development of appropriate trainings and supports to foster mentoring relationships in academic and career settings."""
NaN		1013	"Kellerman, R., et al. (2012). """"Investing in African research training institutions creates sustainable capacity for Africa: the case of the University of the Witwatersrand School of Public Health masters programme in epidemiology and biostatistics."""" Health Research Policy and Systems 10."""""	" Background: Improving health in Africa is a high priority internationally. Inadequate research capacity to produce local, relevant research has been identified as a limitation to improved population health. Increasing attention is being paid to the higher education sector in Africa as a method of addressing this  evidence that such investment is having the desired impact is required. A 1998 3-year investment by the Special Programme for Research and Training in Tropical Diseases (TDR) in research training at the School of Public Health, University of the Witwatersrand, South Africa was reviewed to assess its' impact. Methods: A descriptive cross-sectional survey of the 70 students registered for the masters programme in epidemiology & biostatistics from 2000-2005 was conducted. Data were collected from self-administered questionnaires. Results: Sixty percent (42/70) of students responded. At the time of the survey 19% of respondents changed their country of residence after completion of the masters course, 14% migrated within Africa and 5% migrated out of Africa. Approximately half (47%) were employed as researchers and 38% worked in research institutions. Sixty percent reported research output, and four graduates were pursuing PhD studies. Government subsidy to higher education institutions, investments of the University of the Witwatersrand in successful programmes and ongoing bursaries for students to cover tuition fees were important for sustainability. Conclusions: Investing in African institutions to improve research training capacity resulted in the retention of graduates in Africa in research positions and produced research output. Training programmes can be sustained when national governments invest in higher education and where that funding is judiciously applied. Challenges remain if funding for students bursaries is not available."""
NaN		1014	"Kellett, M. (2009). """"Children as Researchers: What We Can Learn from Them about the Impact of Poverty on Literacy Opportunities?"""" International Journal of Inclusive Education 13(4): 395-408."""""	" This paper challenges some of the assumptions about our understanding of and approaches to literacy. Crucially, it provides evidence hitherto missing from the body of research knowledge: children's own perspectives on literacy opportunities accessed by children themselves. Reading proficiency is pivotal in education, providing a platform on which much other curricular endeavour is built. Two groups of six children (aged 11 years) in two UK primary schools--one in an area of socio-economic advantage and one in an area of socio-economic disadvantage--underwent a programme of research training and were supported to undertake their own research projects about aspects of literacy that interested or concerned them. The extent to which poverty could be identified as an inhibiting factor was carried out as an adult abstraction from the children's studies (with the children's informed consent). This was done to avoid any possible poverty self-labelling or stigmatisation being occasioned to children through association. Findings revealed that children from affluent backgrounds exuded literacy confidence derived from a variety of opportunities: routine support for homework, parental oracy role models, favourable environments for reading and writing, absence of distractions and opportunities to talk about literacy. By contrast children from poorer backgrounds had few, if any, of these opportunities. For them homework clubs were a lifeline. An important self-development strategy uncovered in the children's reports was the need to ""practise private confidence"""" before developing """"public confidence"""". Children identified reading aloud and writing as activities requiring """"public confidence"""" and activities which needed a lot of """"private"""" practice. A striking characteristic of children from affluent backgrounds was how easy it was for them to access opportunities for """"private confidence"""" building whereas children from low-income backgrounds had the opposite experience. Implications for policy and practice are discussed in the light of these findings."""""
NaN		1015	"Kelly, A. M. (2011). """"Teaching Newton's Laws with the iPod Touch in Conceptual Physics."""" Physics Teacher 49(4): 202-205."""""	" One of the greatest challenges in teaching physics is helping students achieve a conceptual understanding of Newton's laws. I find that students fresh from middle school can sometimes recite the laws verbatim (""An object in motion stays in motion..."""" and """"For every action...""""), but they rarely demonstrate a working knowledge of how to apply them to observable phenomena. As a firm believer in inquiry-based teaching methods, I like to develop activities where students can experiment and construct understandings based on relevant personal experiences. Consequently, I am always looking for exciting new technologies that can readily demonstrate how physics affects everyday things. In a conceptual physics class designed for ninth-graders, I created a structured activity where students applied Newton's laws to a series of free applications downloaded on iPod Touches. The laws had been introduced during the prior class session with textual descriptions and graphical representations. The course is offered as part of the Enlace Latino Collegiate Society, a weekend enrichment program for middle and high school students in the Bronx. The majority of students had limited or no prior exposure to physics concepts, and many attended high schools where physics was not offered at all. (Contains 5 figures and 1 table.)"""""
NaN		1016	"Kelly, T. H. and C. G. Mattacola (2010). """"Training and career development in clinical and translational science: An opportunity for rehabilitation scientists."""" Journal of Sport Rehabilitation 19(4): 369-379."""""	" Context: The National Institutes of Health’s Clinical and Translational Science Award initiative is designed to establish and promote academic centers of clinical and translational science (CTS) that are empowered to train and advance multi- and interdisciplinary investigators and research teams to apply new scientific knowledge and techniques to enhance patient care. Among the key components of a full-service center for CTS is an educational platform to support research training in CTS. Educational objectives and resources available to support the career development of the clinical and translational scientists, including clinical research education, mentored research training, and career development support, are described. Objective: The purpose of the article is to provide an overview of the CTS educational model so that rehabilitation specialists can become more aware of potential resources that are available and become more involved in the delivery and initiation of the CTS model in their own workplace. Rehabilitation clinicians and scientists are well positioned to play important leadership roles in advancing the academic mission of CTS. Rigorous academic training in rehabilitation science serves as an effective foundation for supporting the translation of basic scientific discovery into improved health care. Rehabilitation professionals are immersed in patient care, familiar with interdisciplinary health care delivery, and skilled at working with multiple health care professionals. Conclusion: The NIH Clinical and Translational Science Award initiative is an excellent opportunity to advance the academic development of rehabilitation scientists. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1017	"Kelz, C., et al. (2015). """"The restorative effects of redesigning the schoolyard: A multi-methodological, quasi-experimental study in rural Austrian middle schools."""" Environment and Behavior 47(2): 119-139."""""	" Contact with nature can have numerous beneficial effects for children. As the school is a place where children spend a lot of time, the physical environment of the school has considerable potential to influence children. This study investigated the influence of a redesign (greening) of a schoolyard on pupils’ physiological stress, psychological well-being, and executive functioning. A pre–post, quasi-experimental design with a multimethod approach was applied. One-hundred thirty-three middle school pupils (M = 14.4 years) of three middle schools in a rural area in Austria were assessed. The renovated schoolyard significantly diminished pupils’ physiological stress levels and enhanced their psychological well-being. Pupils in the renovated schoolyard setting also perceived the environment as more restorative following the redesign. However, it did not affect executive functioning as hypothesized. Limitations of the study and future research opportunities are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1018	"Kendrick, T. and S. Kendall (2008). """"Developments in career pathways for primary care researchers."""" Primary Health Care Research and Development 9(2): 105-108."""""	" This issue of Primary Health Care Research and Development focuses on career development of primary care researchers. The large majority of patient contacts with health services occur in primary care, yet its research workforce is a very small proportion compared with secondary care. The drop in medical academic staff between 2004 and 2007 is somewhat surprising, because more research training fellows had been recruited in the three years prior to 2004, who might have been expected to progress to substantive posts by 2007. The numbers of medical professors, readers and senior lecturers have increased significantly since 2001 but there has been a decline in the number of lecturers. The challenges in primary care research across nursing and medical research are increasing the pool and critical mass of nurse scientists, maximizing career trajectory, aligning focus of research with sources of research funding, enhancing linkages between practice and science, building research programs evaluating scientific productivity and recognizing individual scientists, capitalizing on nursing research opportunities, investing in leadership and succession planning. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1019	"Kendricks, K. and A. Arment (2011). """"Adopting a K-12 Family Model with Undergraduate Research to Enhance STEM Persistence and Achievement in Underrepresented Minority Students."""" Journal of College Science Teaching 41(2): 22-27."""""	" K-12 education has identified an important need for culturally relevant practices among underrepresented minority students in the classroom. Research has shown that minority students perform better in multicultural learning environments that place an emphasis on addressing both the student's social and academic needs. Accordingly, Central State University, a Historically Black University, has adopted a K-12 family model for its Scholars Program (SP). The program consists of six activities for students majoring in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) fields. SP scholars participate in (1) an academic learning community  (2) a living, learning community  (3) mandatory mentoring  (4) the campus honor's program  (5) professional development workshops and graduate school visits  and (6) STEM research on and off campus. Of the above activities, participating students ranked undergraduate research/internships as having the largest impact on professional preparedness for a STEM career and/or graduate studies. This paper discusses how the family model was implemented in a college environment and its impact. (Contains 3 tables and 1 figure.)"""
NaN		1020	"Kennedy, J. (2007). """"International Education and Developing Countries: Research and Educational Collaboration in the Field."""" Journal of Political Science Education 3(3): 223-236."""""	" Conducting collaborative fieldwork between American researchers and foreign scholars in developing countries is a difficult prospect for political scientists. Yet, we can use our knowledge and position at an American university to contribute to the academic community in our areas of study and establish lasting personal and institutional ties with our host institutions. This article proposes several ways in which a collaborative-training and research program that can help American professors and students develop long-term relationships with their overseas colleagues. First, direct involvement in training local students and faculty from our host institutions can improve the quality of our data and research. Second, American scholars can reduce host university costs by developing institutional ties with smaller more enthusiastic host universities rather than the top academic institutions in their respective host countries. Third, we can teach American students how to practice collaborative-training research. Whether our political science students go on to become academics, government officials, or business consultants, the relationships they establish in developing countries can last well beyond their academic career. (Contains 1 figure and 10 notes.)"""
NaN		1021	"Kennedy, M. (2007). """"Review of Producing management knowledge: Research as practice."""" Management Learning 38(3): 359-371."""""	" Reviews the book, Producing management knowledge: Research as practice edited by Jan Löwstedt and Torbjörn Stjernberg (2006). In this book, the editors have gathered together a wide range of perspectives that are coherent with a central conviction--that context, interaction, learning and knowledge production are entwined in the practice of management and of management research. The editors and contributing authors also clearly demonstrate the fuzzy boundaries between those who create, mediate and use management knowledge. Research is described in this text on research methods not just as a creative process in which researcher and practitioner needs, emotions, power relations and values are recognized, but also as a learning process in which researcher and research participant become enlightened through the iteration of the worlds of theory and of practice (Sims, p. 44). If the book disappoints, it is in these minor deviations from the core themes and perhaps in the occasional divergences from reflections on research practice to a focus on research findings and outcomes. However, these minor distractions do not diminish this collection's value as a management research source book. Perhaps that is this publication's greatest strength-it is a human book. The voices of the contributing authors are warm and convincing. Each author has a story to tell. In the chapters of this book is a wealth of research experience that recognizes research as a social process  interactive, situated practice which involves researcher and research members in its practice. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1022	"Kennedy, M. A., et al. (2012). """"The Carney Centre for Pharmacogenomics: a New Zealand focus for personalized medicine research."""" Pharmacogenomics 13(8): 865-868."""""	" The integration of genetics and genomics with pharmacology and clinical medicine has enriched our understanding of all of these disciplines and is steadily providing a more complete picture of the etiology, pathophysiology and treatment of disease. To capitalize on this new knowledge requires the ability to evaluate the underlying evidence base and to test the utility of any proposed pharmacogenetic or genomic approaches to personalized medicine, within local or regional healthcare structures. The Carney Centre for Pharmacogenomics is now in its eighth year of operation, and although small by international standards, it has proven to be a valuable focus for research, training and dissemination of such knowledge in New Zealand and beyond. By focusing predominantly on research and training, the center has raised awareness about the value and limitations of pharmacogenetics and pharmacogenomic approaches."""
NaN		1023	"Kenyon, K. L., et al. (2016). """"Testing CREATE at Community Colleges: An Examination of Faculty Perspectives and Diverse Student Gains."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 15(1)."""""	" CREATE (Consider, Read, Elucidate the hypotheses, Analyze and interpret the data, and Think of the next Experiment) is an innovative pedagogy for teaching science through the intensive analysis of scientific literature. Initiated at the City College of New York, a minority-serving institution, and regionally expanded in the New York/New Jersey/Pennsylvania area, this methodology has had multiple positive impacts on faculty and students in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics courses. To determine whether the CREATE strategy is effective at the community college (2-yr) level, we prepared 2-yr faculty to use CREATE methodologies and investigated CREATE implementation at community colleges in seven regions of the United States. We used outside evaluation combined with pre/postcourse assessments of students to test related hypotheses: 1) workshop-trained 2-yr faculty teach effectively with the CREATE strategy in their first attempt, and 2) 2-yr students in CREATE courses make cognitive and affective gains during their CREATE quarter or semester. Community college students demonstrated positive shifts in experimental design and critical-thinking ability concurrent with gains in attitudes/self-rated learning and maturation of epistemological beliefs about science."""
NaN		1024	"Kerkorian, D., et al. (2007). """"Understanding the African American Research Experience (KAARE): Implications for HIV Prevention."""" Social Work in Mental Health 5(3-4): 295-312."""""	" Despite recognition that the African American population is underrepresented in studies of health and mental health treatment and prevention efforts, few investigations have systematically examined barriers to African American research participation. Without their participation, treatment and prevention strategies designed to curtail the spread of HIV in their communities will be bound to achieve less than optimal outcomes. Based on the assumption that successful recruitment of African Americans requires knowledge of (a) their beliefs about research, (b) their perceptions of the research process and researchers, (c) their motivations to participate, and (d) the historical and social factors that may be the source of at least some ambivalence, the current study undertook semi-structured interviews with 157 African American, low-income mothers residing in a large urban community where they and their children were at high risk for HIV. Given the sensitive nature of the research topic, members of the community were trained to conduct the interviews. Qualitative and quantitative analyses of the interview content suggest that despite having been consented, many participants (a) are not aware of their rights under informed consent and (b) lack knowledge of how the research will be used. Despite this and the subtle suspicion of White researchers held by some, many decide to participate for altruistic reasons. The implications for recruitment of participants in general and African Americans in particular into HIV prevention studies are discussed as are the implications for service providers directly or indirectly involved in the development and delivery of these interventions. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1025	"Kerlin, S. C., et al. (2010). """"Complexity of Secondary Scientific Data Sources and Students' Argumentative Discourse."""" International Journal of Science Education 32(9): 1207-1225."""""	" This study examined the learning opportunities provided to students through the use of complex geological data supporting scientific inquiry. Through analysis of argumentative discourse in a high school Earth science classroom, uses of US Geological Survey (USGS) data were contrasted with uses of geoscience textbook data. To examine these differences, we conducted a review of frameworks for argumentation analysis, and through adaptation to the research foci of this study, developed a new analytic approach. Applying this approach to student classroom discourse revealed the affordances and constraints of both the complex USGS datasets and the filtered textbook data sources. The challenges of teaching with complex data are presented."""
NaN		1026	"Kerr, M. A. and F. Yan (2016). """"Incorporating Course-Based Undergraduate Research Experiences into Analytical Chemistry Laboratory Curricula."""" Journal of Chemical Education 93(4): 658-662."""""	" A continuous effort within an undergraduate university setting is to improve students' learning outcomes and thus improve students' attitudes about a particular field of study. This is undoubtedly relevant within a chemistry laboratory. This paper reports the results of an effort to introduce a problem-based learning strategy into the analytical chemistry laboratory curricula at North Carolina Central University. This study involved a total of 48 science major students who were taking two analytical chemistry courses, namely Quantitative Chemical Analysis and Instrumental Analysis, spanning Fall 2011 to Spring 2015. Course-based undergraduate research experiences or CUREs have been systematically incorporated into the laboratory components of these two consecutive analytical courses in Fall 2014 and Spring 2015 semesters. Each CUREs project involved identifying a problem, locating an appropriate method via literature search, designing a study, collecting samples, measuring variables, analyzing data, and presenting the results in a formal report and an oral presentation. Our evaluation of the preliminary impacts of CUREs integration shows that the majority of students became more excited about careers in chemistry, and science in general, as an outcome of this exercise. This is evidenced by overwhelmingly positive feedback received from the student participants, as well as increased retention of upper-level science major students."""
NaN		1027	"Kershner, R., et al. (2013). """"Professional learning during a schools–university partnership master of education course: Teachers’ perspectives of their learning experiences."""" Teachers and Teaching: Theory and Practice 19(1): 33-49."""""	" An extensive body of research has indicated the benefits of collaborative, contextualised and enquiry-based learning for teachers’ professional development and school improvement. Yet professional learning is also known to be constrained by a number of factors, including the organisational limitations of schools, conflicting cultural practices and wider political demands. Schools–university partnerships have been developed to overcome some of these difficulties by transcending particular school contexts and offering alternative theoretical and practical perspectives. The complex combination of motivations, backgrounds and working contexts in such partnership work calls for attention to the individual and collective learning experiences of those involved, including the ways in which school and university contexts are, or could be, effectively bridged. This paper focuses on understanding the learning experienced by a cohort of teachers and school leaders involved in a two-year schools–university partnership Master of Education (M.Ed.) course in England. A mixed group of 15 experienced primary and secondary teachers and school leaders reflected on their learning at five points of time during and shortly after completing their M.Ed. course. Qualitative analysis of the group’s interview responses and reflective writing led to the identification of six related aspects of personal and professional learning experience: being a learner  learning as part of professional practice  widening repertoire  changing as a learner  personal growth  and critically adaptive practice. The identification and visual representation of these aspects of experience emerging within the group offers useful insight into teachers’ perspectives on learning in school and university contexts and their experiences of progression over time. We conclude that more explicit and central attention to the professional and personal learning elements of schools–university partnerships can help to resolve some of the binary ‘theory–practice’ tensions that have been extensively discussed in relation to partnership programmes and teacher professional development. There is a need to acknowledge variation in teachers’ learning experiences within schools–university partnerships, bearing in mind the ongoing nature of this reflective process with each new group of school and university colleagues. Analysis of participants’ learning experiences in school and university contexts also draws attention to the wider structures, values and cultures that influence, and are influenced by, schools–university partnership work. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1028	"Kevan, J. M. and P. R. Ryan (2016). """"Experience API: Flexible, Decentralized and Activity-Centric Data Collection."""" Technology, Knowledge and Learning 21(1): 143-149."""""	" This emerging technology report describes the Experience API (xAPI), a new e-learning specification designed to support the learning community in standardizing and collecting both formal and informal distributed learning activities. Informed by Activity Theory, a framework aligned with constructivism, data is collected in the form of activity statements with the flexibility to describe a wide array of learning experiences from museum exhibits to learning environment interactions. Fast adoption by private sector tool developers and the majority of learning management systems used in academia suggests the specification may have long-term implications. This report summarizes major educational research opportunities and key challenges to implementation."""
NaN		1029	"Khan, H., et al. (2009). """"Knowledge, attitudes and practices around health research: the perspective of physicians-in-training in Pakistan."""" Bmc Medical Education 9."""""	" Background: Health research training is an essential component of medical education and a vital exercise to help develop physician research skills. This study was carried out to assess the level of knowledge, attitudes and practices towards research amongst a group of Post Graduate Medical Trainees (PGMTs') at Aga Khan University (AKU), Pakistan. Methods: A cross sectional health research survey was carried out on all PGMTs' at AKU Pakistan. AKU is a tertiary care health facility which offers residency in 28 specialties and fellowship in 16 programs. Knowledge, attitudes and practices related to health research were assessed using a pretested, structured and validated questionnaire. Health research related practices of the residents were examined using questions graded on Likert scale. Results: Mean percentage score +/- SD on the knowledge scale was 36.9% +/- 20.2 and 47.19% +/- 25.18 on the attitude scale. Of 104(55.6%) who had previously participated in research 28(26.9%) had been involved in basic science research only, 62(59.6%) in clinical research and 14(13.5%) had participated in both clinical and basic science research projects. 88(47.1%) planned to pursue a future research career. Those who planned to pursue a future research career had more positive health research attitudes p < 0.001. Limited time (45%), poor research infrastructure (20%) and inadequate research funding opportunities (20%) were the major hurdles faced by PGMTs' to pursue research. Conclusion: PGMTs' demonstrate inadequate knowledge, while they have moderate attitudes towards health research. Residency training and research facilities at the institution need to undergo major transformation in order to encourage meaningful research by resident trainees."""
NaN		1030	"Khoukhi, A. (2013). """"A Structured Approach to Honours Undergraduate Research Course, Evaluation Rubrics and Assessment."""" Journal of Science Education and Technology 22(5): 630-650."""""	" This paper presents a new approach to the Honours Undergraduate Research Course design and implementation. The course design process, assessment and evaluation rubrics are provided. Lessons learned and the experience of the faced challenges and opportunities for two cohort offerings of the course during the winter terms of 2011 and 2012 are highlighted. Assessments show that major benefits include increasing interaction with the faculty and increasing intellectual maturity, skills, knowledge and confidence for the students and for the faculty, the furthering of research projects by the participation of undergraduate students. The course can serve as a model that can be easily adapted for use across the disciplines of science, technology, engineering and mathematics."""
NaN		1031	"Kidman, G. (2012). """"Australia at the Crossroads: A Review of School Science Practical Work."""" EURASIA Journal of Mathematics, Science & Technology Education 8(1): 35-47."""""	" In Australia we are at a crossroads in science education. We have come from a long history of adopting international curricula, through to blending international and Australian developed materials, to the present which is a thoroughly unique Australian curriculum in science. This paper documents Australia's journey over the past 200 years, as we prepare for the implementation of our first truly Australian National Curriculum. One of the unique aspects of this curriculum is the emphasis on practical work and inquiry-based learning. This paper identifies seven forms of practical work currently used in Australian schools and the purposes aligned with each form by 138 pre-service and experienced in-service teachers. The paper explores the question ""What does the impending national curriculum, with its emphasis on practical inquiry mean to the teachers now--are they ready?"""" The study suggests that practical work in Australian schools is multifaceted, and the teacher-aligned purposes are dependent not only upon the age of the student, but also on the type of practical work being undertaken. It was found that most teachers are not ready to teach using inquiry-based pedagogy and cite lack of content knowledge, behaviour management, lack of physical resources and availability of classroom space as key issues which will hinder their implementation of the inquiry component of Australia's pending curriculum in science. (Contains 9 tables, 1 figure and 4 endnotes.)"""""
NaN		1032	"Kiley, M., et al. (2009). """"'To develop research skills': Honours programmes for the changing research agenda in Australian universities."""" Innovations in Education and Teaching International 46(1): 15-25."""""	" Within Australian universities the results of Honours have traditionally been used as the main entry requirement for a research degree and as a means of ranking for research scholarships. But despite the critical role of Honours, there has been little research about Honours. There is an untested assumption that universities offering Honours programmes, staff teaching them, and students undertaking them share common assumptions about their purpose. To test this assumption the researchers undertook an initial study across five Australian universities in two different disciplines, to identify the extent to which staff and students in different disciplines and different universities held varying views about the purpose of the Honours. Honours coordinators and students in the sample universities were interviewed and Honours information for the universities examined. Results indicate that indeed the aims of an Honours programme and the reasons for enrolling in Honours do vary. However, more significantly, there have been identifiable changes in the structure and nature of Honours programmes over recent years that may not support some of the traditionally held views of Honours, particularly as a selection mechanism for enrolment in, and scholarship ranking for, higher degrees by research."""
NaN		1033	"Killen, C. P., et al. (2012). """"Advancing project and portfolio management research: Applying strategic management theories."""" International Journal of Project Management 30(5): 525-538."""""	" This paper focuses on the application of strategic management theories to Project Management and Project Portfolio Management research, specifically the Resource-Based View, Dynamic Capabilities, and Absorptive Capacity. A literature review and four research experiences illustrate the advances achieved through the use of these three theoretical perspectives, and contribute to the development of this field by providing examples and guidance for theory development and future research. Commonalities between the research examples include a strong strategic focus, recognition of the importance of knowledge and learning, and research questions seeking understanding and explanation. These research experiences outline the successful application of strategic management theories to a wide range of contexts, using diverse methodologies at a variety of levels of analysis. The findings indicate a broad potential for further fruitful research stemming from the relatively recent application of strategic management theories to Project Management and Project Portfolio Management research. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. APM and IPMA. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1034	Kim, D. W. and J. Yao (2010). A Web-Based Learning Support System for Inquiry-Based Learning. Web-Based Support Systems. J. T. Yao: 125-143.	" The emergence of the Internet and Web technology makes it possible to implement the ideals of inquiry-based learning, in which students seek truth, information, or knowledge by questioning. Web-based learning support systems can provide a good framework for inquiry-based learning. This article presents a study on a Web-based learning support system called Online Treasure Hunt. The Web-based learning support system mainly consists of a teaching support subsystem, a learning support subsystem, and a treasure hunt game. The teaching support subsystem allows instructors to design their own inquiry-based learning environments. The learning support subsystem supports students' inquiry activities. The treasure hunt game enables students to investigate new knowledge, develop ideas, and review their findings. Online Treasure Hunt complies with a treasure hunt model. The treasure hunt model formalizes a general treasure hunt game to contain the learning strategies of inquiry-based learning. This Web-based learning support system empowered with the online-learning game and founded on the sound learning strategies furnishes students with the interactive and collaborative student-centered learning environment."""
NaN		1035	"Kim, H. J., et al. (2012). """"Using a Wiki in a Scientist-Teacher Professional Learning Community: Impact on Teacher Perception Changes."""" Journal of Science Education and Technology 21(4): 440-452."""""	" In this study, a wiki was integrated into a professional development model that systemically addresses early-career teachers' needs. This study was conducted to examine the impact of wiki-based professional development activities in a scientist-teacher professional learning community and focused on early-career teachers' perceptions of the role of wiki technology and knowledge of teaching through inquiry. Teachers participated in the Professional Learning Community Model for Entry into Teaching Science (PLC-METS), a professional development program that is based on an integrated teacher education model of knowledge sharing, collaboration, and communication between teachers and scientists, with the goal of supporting early-career teachers' ability to engage their students in scientific inquiry. The use of a wiki environment to collaborate on activities, deliver resources, and share knowledge is rapidly expanding in professional development communities. The use of the wiki in PLC-METS positively predicted the results of teachers' knowledge of inquiry-based teaching. Results demonstrate that the wiki can contribute to building a learning community for collaboration between early-career science teachers and scientists. The paper also discusses the educational implications for the design of wiki-based professional learning communities that impact teachers' professional development."""
NaN		1036	"Kim, K. H., et al. (2012). """"Project Clarion: Three Years of Science Instruction in Title I Schools among K-Third Grade Students."""" Research in Science Education 42(5): 813-829."""""	" The purpose of the study was to measure the effects of higher level, inquiry-based science curricula on students at primary level in Title I schools. Approximately 3,300 K-3 students from six schools were assigned to experimental or control classes (N = 115 total) on a random basis according to class. Experimental students were exposed to concept-based science curriculum that emphasized 'deep learning' though concept mastery and investigation, whereas control classes learned science from traditional school-based curricula. Two ability measures, the Bracken Basic Concept Scale-Revised (BBCS-R, Bracken 1998) and the Naglieri Nonverbal Intelligence Test (NNAT, Naglieri 1991), were used for baseline information. Additionally, a standardized measure of student achievement in science (the MAT-8 science subtest), a standardized measure of critical thinking, and a measure for observing teachers' classroom behaviors were used to assess learning outcomes. Results indicated that all ability groups of students benefited from the science inquiry-based approach to learning that emphasized science concepts, and that there was a positive achievement effect for low socio-economic young children who were exposed to such a curriculum."""
NaN		1037	"Kim, M. and C. Chin (2011). """"Pre-Service Teachers' Views on Practical Work with Inquiry Orientation in Textbook-Oriented Science Classrooms."""" International Journal of Environmental and Science Education 6(1): 23-37."""""	" Despite inquiry-based teaching was introduced and encouraged as significant tool to develop students' scientific knowledge and habits of mind, its implementation has not been well established in science classrooms in Korea. To understand the challenges and difficulties of the practice of inquiry practical work, this study particularly aims to understand how pre-service teachers' understandings of inquiry and practical work have been shaped in educational and social contexts in Korea and later how their views and willingness could be developed through redesigning and practicing textbook activities. 25 third-year students in an elementary science methods course in Korea participated in the study. Mixed methods including questionnaires and reflective discussion and writing were employed for data collection. The pre-service teachers expressed their ideas and difficulties of inquiry approach in their everyday classroom conditions and social situation and thus unwillingness to attempt its practice. Throughout the study, they gradually overcame their resistance and reluctance toward inquiry and practical work and develop willingness and motivation to practice in everyday science classrooms. This study further suggests need for thorough examination on teachers' situated contexts for developing ways of inquiry-based practical work. (Contains 1 table and 1 figure.)"""
NaN		1038	"Kim, M., et al. (2013). """"New Vision and Challenges in Inquiry-Based Curriculum Change in Singapore."""" International Journal of Science Education 35(2): 289-311."""""	" A new primary science syllabus with strong inquiry focus has been implemented in Singapore since 2008. In this study, we attempted to understand how teachers experience the emphasis of inquiry-based curriculum under the current educational conditions that is routined and highly teacher fronted. We invited 50 pre-service and 41 in-service teachers to participate in survey questionnaires and narratives, reflective writings, and group discussions related to science inquiry which formed our data corpus. Data analysis in the form of thematic coding was carried out using NVivo8, with over 80% inter-rater coding agreement level. Three key aspects of teachers perceptions of science inquiry were revealed: (1) teachers responsibilities as facilitators, (2) privileging content knowledge rather than process skills, and (3) pressure of assessment systems in current educational contexts. These understandings bring out conflicts of inquiry teaching between teacher- and student-centredness, content and process, and curriculum and assessment. Based on these teachers perceptions and dilemmas of inquiry science teaching, the visions and challenges of inquiry science curriculum change against assessment requirements are discussed."""
NaN		1039	"Kim, T. (2015). """"Diffusion of changes in organizations."""" Journal of Organizational Change Management 28(1): 134-152."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to address the advisability of innovation diffusion theory for enhancing the adoption/execution success rate in leading organizational change. Design/methodology/approach: The study design involved an interpretive discussion of innovation diffusion theory and related research, followed by a review of influential models of organizational change management (CM). Through analysis and synthesis of the essential ideas and processes derived from both schools, this study conceptualized an integrated change diffusion model with practical and research implications. Findings: The study findings were presented via an organizational change diffusion model and its phases with major considerations. Leading change should be a systematic but responsive process as visualized by a sequential but recursive flow of the phases  change could sustain with the spontaneous function of organizational dynamics  before-during-after diagnosis and evaluation would be fundamental to the success of change efforts. Research limitations/implications: This study recommended that future research empirically test the validity of this study’s conceptual arguments and attempt to further integrate innovation diffusion and CM research in many areas, including the change leader’s competencies. Extended research opportunities were presented as well. Practical implications: This study suggested that change leaders concentrate resources on a few positively or negatively influential individuals and take advantage of communication networks to persuade and inform others to help with their change adoption. Change leaders were also advised to partner with formal/informal opinion leaders and facilitate each player’s proper role in the change diffusion efforts. An additional suggestion was that system-centric thinking should precede the individual-blame orientation in the root cause analysis of adoption/non-adoption (diffusion/non-diffusion) of a change. Originality/value: This study offers value by enriching CM approaches in consultation with the research asset on innovation diffusion, which has been less capitalized upon in the organizational CM arena. Specifically, value added includes an encompassing consideration of both normative-reeducative and empirical-rational perspectives on individuals’ behavior change, a research-based conceptual extension of CM models, and consummative strategies for effective and efficient change interventions. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1040	"Kimmel, H., et al. (2009). """"Implementing Concepts of Pharmaceutical Engineering into High School Science Classrooms."""" Chemical Engineering Education 43(3): 187-193."""""	" The Research Experience for Teachers was designed to help high school science teachers develop skills and knowledge in research, science and engineering with a focus on the area of pharmaceutical particulate and composite systems. The experience included time for the development of instructional modules for classroom teaching. Results of the evaluation indicate teachers felt the experience was useful and that they were prepared to teach the engineering skills they learned."""
NaN		1041	"Kinash, S. (2007). """"Animating Inquiry-Based Teaching in Grade-School Classrooms."""" Canadian Journal of Learning and Technology 33(3): 18."""""	" This paper describes interpretive empirical research with five teachers who: a) articulate their pedagogy as defined by an inquiry-based stance, b) use digital technologies within their teaching, and c) engaged in online and/or face-to-face professional development with the Galileo Educational Network (GENA). Four questions guided the inquiry: what does inquiry mean to teachers  what is it like to be an inquiry-based teacher  what supports teachers in fostering inquiry, and  what is the relative impact of the three models of supports offered through GENA -- face-to-face only, online only, and combination face-to-face and online. Analysis revealed that meaningful and regular connection with GENA staff serving an animation role superseded the support model  it did not matter whether the supports were provided at a distance or face-to-face. Recommendations derived from the experiences of the five teachers inform the professional supports necessary to nurture teachers' inquiry-based stance and approaches."""
NaN		1042	"Kinchin, I. M. and D. B. Hay (2007). """"The Myth of the Research-Led Teacher."""" Teachers and Teaching: Theory and Practice 13(1): 43-61."""""	" This paper examines the contention that achievement in research is a prerequisite for effective teaching in higher education. It also explores university level teaching more generally with the purpose of examining the links between teaching and research. Concept mapping, in particular, is described as a means of exploring both the knowledge structures of experts (teachers and researchers) and the cognitive changes that are indicative of meaningful learning among students. We use the approach to suggest that rich and complex networks are indicative of expert status, but that these are seldom made explicit to students in the course of teaching. Instead, simple, linear structures comprise most lesson plans or teaching sequences. This linearity is often made transparent through the lecturers' use of PowerPoint presentations to structure teaching. Thus the transmission mode of teaching predominates in HE and evidence of authentic research-led teaching remains scant. This is likely to reinforce surface learning outcomes among university students and be an impediment to the emergence of expert status. The linear chains that are commonly espoused in teaching lend themselves to rote learning strategies rather than to individual meaning making. The approach we describe here has the potential to reinstate expert status as the prime qualification for teaching in higher education. Where concept mapping is used to share and explore knowledge structures between students and experts, then learning can be shown to occur in ways that are synonymous with research and discovery. Using this approach, the teacher-student distinction becomes legitimately blurred so that the sharing and advancement of knowledge are concomitant. In conclusion, we suggest that this is a basis for a pedagogy that is appropriate to HE and distinct from the compulsory sector. (Contains 6 figures and 1 table.)"""
NaN		1043	"King, A. J. F., et al. (2011). """"In vivo laboratory practicals in research-led teaching: An example using glucose tolerance tests in lean and obese mice."""" Journal of Pharmacological and Toxicological Methods 64(2): 168-172."""""	" The use of animal models is an essential part of medical research and drug development. The essential skills required to be able to do such research includes experimental design, statistical analysis and the actual handling and treating of the animals (in vivo skills). The number of students in the U.K. receiving training in handling and experimenting on animals has declined rapidly in the last few decades which has led to initiatives to increase numbers of students with these skills to meet demand. Within the Department of Pharmacology and Therapeutics at King's College London, we run a course for 2nd year undergraduates entitled ""Animal models of disease and injury"""". This course not only covers the theoretical and ethical aspects of using animals in research, but also contains practical laboratory classes in which students get hands-on experience using animals. One of the laboratory classes we run is a glucose tolerance test in obese and lean mice. This is an example of research-led teaching which aims to develop research skills through engaging students in research like activities. In this paper, we outline the methodology of the glucose tolerance practical and highlight some of the skills we and the students think they gain by research-led teaching such as this. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""""
NaN		1044	"King, C., et al. (2016). """"A Cross-Sectional Exploration of Research Outcome Expectations Motivators for Dietetics Research Involvement."""" Topics in Clinical Nutrition 31(2): 147-167."""""	" Research outcome expectations are the perceptions that research involvement is, or is not, personally valuable. This study compared the research outcome expectations of dietetics professionals with different levels of research experience. Three hundred fifty-five members of the Academy of Nutrition and Dietetics completed an online survey (preprofessional students: n = 33 [3.3%], Dietetics Practice-Based Research Network members: n = 152 [11.2%], dietetics researchers: n = 170 [20.5%]). Significant differences were found between study groups for research outcome expectation (P < .01) and research involvement (P < .01). The practice setting is the ideal place to build dietetics research outcomes expectations through a collaborative strategy developed at the team or department level."""
NaN		1045	"King, N., et al. (2016). """"A Scoping Study Investigating Student Perceptions towards Inquiry Based Learning in the Laboratory."""" European Journal of Science and Mathematics Education 4(3): 305-314."""""	" There has been an increasing movement towards the introduction of inquiry based learning in undergraduate physiology laboratories. Students can however find this challenging when there is a sudden transition from traditional didactic practicals to full inquiry based activities. One reason for this could be the students' perceptions about the introduction of inquiry based learning. The aim of this preliminary scoping investigation was to judge students' attitudes towards inquiry based learning following a practical containing an element of inquiry. Students were supplied with approximately 2.5cm gastrointestinal ileal loops from guinea-pigs which they connected via a force transducer to recording equipment. Students were also provided with 4 agonists and 4 antagonists for which they had to determine which antagonist paired with which agonist and which order to add the drugs. After the practical students completed a questionnaire and survey. Twenty nine percent of students strongly agreed and 54% agreed that detailed instructions should be given about how to carry out each practical. In answer to the statement I'd value the opportunity to design and carry out my own experiments, 12% strongly agreed, whilst 27% agreed and 48% were neutral. The commonest anxieties expressed by the students were that they would not understand the practical and not getting the right results. These findings suggest that considerable thought needs to be given as to how to best introduce physiology students to inquiry based practicals and that these student cohorts may benefit from some more scoping activities. Some ideas for these scoping activities are presented."""
NaN		1046	"Kingsley, K., et al. (2008). """"Research enrichment: evaluation of structured research in the curriculum for dental medicine students as part of the vertical and horizontal integration of biomedical training and discovery."""" Bmc Medical Education 8."""""	" Background: Research programs within medical and dental schools are important vehicles for biomedical and clinical discovery, serving as effective teaching and learning tools by providing situations in which predoctoral students develop problem-solving and critical-thinking skills. Although research programs at many medical and dental schools are well-established, they may not be well integrated into the predoctoral curriculum to effectively support the learning objectives for their students. Methods: A series of structured seminars, incorporating faculty research, was designed for first-year dental students at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, School of Dental Medicine to reinforce and support the concepts and skills taught in concurrent courses. A structured research enrichment period was also created to facilitate student engagement in active research using faculty and student curricular release time. Course evaluations and surveys were administered to gauge student perceptions of the curricular integration of research, the impact of these seminars on recruitment to the research program, and overall levels of student satisfaction with research enrichment. Results: The analysis of course surveys revealed that students perceived the research-containing seminars effectively illustrated concepts, were logically sequenced, and were well-integrated into their curriculum. In addition, analysis of surveys revealed that the Integration Seminar courses motivated students to engage in research enrichment. Finally, this analysis provided evidence that students were very satisfied with their overall learning experience during research enrichment. Conclusion: Curricular integration is one method of improving the teaching and learning of complicated and inter-related concepts, providing an opportunity to incorporate research training and objectives into traditionally separate didactic courses. Despite the benefits of curricular integration, finding the most appropriate points of integration, obtaining release time for curricular development and for research engagement, and funding predoctoral student research remain issues to be addressed in ways that reflect the character of the faculty and the goals of each institution."""
NaN		1047	"Kingsley, T. and S. Tancock (2014). """"Internet Inquiry: Fundamental Competencies for Online Comprehension."""" Reading Teacher 67(5): 389-399."""""	" This article showcases the online research and comprehension competencies students will need to successfully engage with Internet Inquiry. The Common Core State Standards, the research on new literacies skills, and the future of technology-based assessments require educators to fully take on the challenges of meaningfully embedding and supporting innovations in authentic, inquiry-based learning with digital texts. This manuscript focuses on four fundamental competencies that are important for Internet inquiry tasks: 1) generate high-quality inquiry topics, 2) effectively and efficiently search for information, 3) critically evaluate Internet resources, and 4) connect ideas across Internet texts. A rationale, what it looks like in the classroom, what scaffolds are needed to support and guide students to independence are provided for each competency."""
NaN		1048	"Kinzer, C. J., et al. (2014). """"Teacher Leaders: Advancing Mathematics Learning."""" Teaching Children Mathematics 20(6): 384-391."""""	" Four elementary school instructors offer insights into their classrooms, their unique professional roles, and their leadership approaches as they reflect on their journey to advance teacher and student mathematics learning. They note a ""teacher leader"""" serves as an example to other educators and strives to impact student learning""  consistently assesses and seeks evidence of student success  and is a learner, improviser, and innovator. These elementary school instructors all speak of the training they received via the Leadership Institute for Teachers (LIFT) partnership between a university and public school districts. They highlight the LIFT program that provided educational experiences that advanced their professional growth to support all students' learning. They participated in six semesters of rigorous course work designed and team taught by mathematicians and math educators. The diversity of K-grade 12 LIFT teachers offered opportunities for thinking about mathematics through research-based learning progressions and they are using these learned lessons in their individual classrooms. They agreed that to engage in mathematical reasoning to solve simple and complex problems resulted in their students having a solid understanding of the concepts and being able to explain their rationale with excellent articulation, using mathematical terms to do so. Student achievement scores were exceptional, and they were developing Common Core State Standards for Mathematics (CCSSM) practices that supported their continued learning."""
NaN		1049	"Kirkcaldy, B. D. and R. G. Siefen (2012). """"Subjective models of psychological disorders: Mental health professional's perspectives."""" Asian Journal of Psychiatry 5(4): 319-326."""""	" This exploratory study is an extension of previous studies which have applied personal construct theory (PCP) methodology toward a better understanding of the structure and dynamics of multidisciplinary mental (and physical) health care (Kirkcaldy and Pope, 1992  Kirkcaldy et al., 1993, 2000, 2005  Kirkcaldy and Siefen, 1999). In this study we wanted to use similar cluster statistical analyses, not unlike PCP analysis, to identify the diverse subjective models of psychological ailments such as anxiety, depression, psychosis, mania, obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), post stress traumatic disorder (PTSD), etc., using not the idiosyncratic constructs generated by individual triadic element comparisons, but by selecting those constructs which have been clearly identified in various psychiatric and psychological rating scales (e.g. somatic preoccupation, social withdrawal, conceptual disorganization, hostility, disinhibition and controlling). Clinical experts (psychological psychotherapists, and medical psychotherapist and psychiatrist) each with over 25 years of clinical and research experience were required to complete the ratings of each disorder listed in terms of the pre-formulated behavioral, emotional and cognitive concepts. What emerged are several multivariate (grid) analyses based on mental health professionals’ perception of diverse elements (disorders) and their interrelationship derived from the similarity of composite profiles of ill-related constructs. Overall, the analyses revealed clear associations between the subjective evaluations of psychological ailments suggesting some uniformity in mental health assessment of such disorders. The implications of these findings are discussed within the theoretical framework of improved mental health care. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1050	"Kirkos, E. (2015). """"Assessing methodologies for intelligent bankruptcy prediction."""" Artificial Intelligence Review 43(1): 83-123."""""	" Bankruptcy prediction is one of the most important business decision-making problems. Intelligent techniques have been employed in order to develop models capable of predicting business failure cases. The present article provides a systematic literature review of the field. As opposed to previous reviews which concentrate on the classification methods, this study adopts a much broader approach to the bankruptcy prediction problem. The survey is articulated around six major axes which cover all the range of issues related to bankruptcy prediction. These axes are the definition of main research objectives, the employed classification methods, performance metrics issues, the input data and data sets, feature selection and input vectors and finally, the interpretation of the models and the extraction of domain knowledge. The findings and employed methodologies of the collected papers are categorized, presented and assessed according to these axes. The ultimate goal is to detect weaknesses and omissions and to highlight research opportunities. We hope that future researchers will find this survey useful in their attempt to orientate their efforts and to locate interesting topics for further research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1051	"Kirwan, A. and J. Adams (2009). """"Students' views of enquiry-based learning in a continuing professional development module."""" Nurse Education Today 29(4): 448-455."""""	" The purpose of this study was to explore whether qualified nurses who had undertaken a continuing professional development module at a UK university, which utilised enquiry-based learning (EBL) as the educational strategy, believed that their nursing practice had been influenced by this educational approach. This study was underpinned by the assumptions of Gadamerian hermeneutic phenomenology  semi-structured interviews were conducted with eight nurses who had undertaken a continuing education module utilising an EBL approach. The responses in this study indicate that participants believed that their practice of nursing had been positively influenced by engaging in EBL. They felt that by becoming self-directed, critical, reflective practitioners, they were better able to deliver evidence-based practice/care. Self reports of practice change attributed to engaging in EBL were provided, with the patient identified as the principal beneficiary, echoing the espoused aims of continuing professional development. EBL was credited with being a motivating, energising and enjoyable way of learning but participants were critical of the lack of preparedness of both the students and facilitators. Consideration needs to given as to whether EBL is viewed as a philosophy of (earning or as a facilitative strategy used alongside other educational methods. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1052	"Kishbaugh, T. L. S., et al. (2012). """"Measuring beyond content: a rubric bank for assessing skills in authentic research assignments in the sciences."""" Chemistry Education Research and Practice 13(3): 268-276."""""	" Herein we report the development of an analytic rubric bank to assess non-content learning, namely higher order cognitive skills, the understanding of the nature of science, and effective scientific communication skills in student research projects. Preliminary findings indicate that use of this tool enhances our students' learning in these areas, particularly in the area of communication, as well as eases and speeds the assessment of these skills. Our rubric bank is notable for its adaptability to a wide range of assignments, developmental levels, and science courses."""
NaN		1053	"Kitua, A., et al. (2010). """"The use of placebo in a trial of rectal artsesunate as initial treatment for severe malaria patients en route to referral clinics: Ethical issues."""" Journal of Medical Ethics: Journal of the Institute of Medical Ethics 36(2): 116-120."""""	" Placebo-controlled trials are controversial when individuals might be denied existing beneficial medical interventions. In the case of malaria, most patients die in rural villages without healthcare facilities. An artesunate suppository that can be given by minimally skilled persons might be of value when patients suddenly become too ill for oral treatment but are several hours from a facility that can give injectable treatment for severe disease. In such situations, by default, no treatment is (or can be) given until the patient reaches a facility, making the placebo control design clinically relevant  alternative bioequivalence designs at the facility would misrepresent reality and risk incorrect conclusions. We describe the ethical issues underpinning a placebo-controlled trial in severe malaria. To protect patients and minimise risk, all patients were referred immediately to hospital so that each had a higher chance of prompt treatment through participation. There was no difference between artesunate and placebo in patients who reached clinic rapidly  among those who could not, a single artesunate suppository significantly reduced death or permanent disability, a finding of direct and indirect benefit to patients in participating villages and elsewhere. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1054	"Kitutu, J., et al. (2016). """"Beyond one term of mentoring: A new approach to the research mentorship of undergraduate students."""" International Journal of Nursing Sciences 3(1): 63-70."""""	" Background: The Undergraduate Research Mentorship Program (URMP) at the University of Pittsburgh (UPitt), School of Nursing (SoN) was envisioned and implemented in the 2008 -2009 academic year to expose undergraduate students to research early in their college educational experiences. Moreover, the URMP is a method to retain current students and attract new high school applicants to the SoN. Methods: This article presents (1) the program's conceptualization, objectives, implementation, and outcomes using descriptive statistics and (2) the strengths of the URMP as well as the opportunities gained and lessons learned through conducting the program. Results: The program has shown success in attracting students to get involved in research. To date, 63.3%-75.7% of participating students reported gaining various research skills from the URMP. Additionally, URMP students have reported participating in conferences and creating close relationships with their mentors  indeed, 97% of these students are interested in pursuing a graduate education. Moreover, the majority of URMP student participants (85.7%) have reported that not only the research experience met or exceeded their expectations, but also they were very satisfied with the research experience. Conclusion: Through the URMP, unlike a traditional didactic class, students can benefit from experiential learning, incentives to participate, and a mentoring relationship without the added pressure of obtaining grades at the end of the term. Copyright (C) 2016, Chinese Nursing Association. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license"""
NaN		1056	"Kleiderman, E., et al. (2012). """"Recruiting terminally ill patients into non-therapeutic oncology studies: Views of health professionals."""" BMC Medical Ethics 13."""""	" Background: Non-therapeutic trials in which terminally ill cancer patients are asked to undergo procedures such as biopsies or venipunctures for research purposes, have become increasingly important to learn more about how cancer cells work and to realize the full potential of clinical research. Considering that implementing non-therapeutic studies is not likely to result in direct benefits for the patient, some authors are concerned that involving patients in such research may be exploitive of vulnerable patients and should not occur at all, or should be greatly restricted, while some proponents doubt whether such restrictions are appropriate. Our objective was to explore clinician-researcher attitudes and concerns when recruiting patients who are in advanced stages of cancer into non-therapeutic research. Methods: We conducted a qualitative exploratory study by carrying out open-ended interviews with health professionals, including physicians, research nurses, and study coordinators. Interviews were audio-recorded and transcribed. Analysis was carried out using grounded theory. Results: The analysis of the interviews unveiled three prominent themes: 1) ethical considerations  2) patient-centered issues  3) health professional issues. Respondents identified ethical issues surrounding autonomy, respect for persons, beneficence, non-maleficence, discrimination, and confidentiality  bringing to light that patients contribute to science because of a sense of altruism and that they want reassurance before consenting. Several patient-centered and health professional issues are having an impact on the recruitment of patients for non-therapeutic research. Facilitators were most commonly associated with patient-centered issues enhancing communication, whereas barriers in non-therapeutic research were most often professionally based, including the doctor-patient relationship, time constraints, and a lack of education and training in research. Conclusions: This paper aims to contribute to debates on the overall challenges of recruiting patients to non-therapeutic research. This exploratory study identified general awareness of key ethical issues, as well as key facilitators and barriers to the recruitment of patients to non-therapeutic studies. Due to the important role played by clinicians and clinician-researchers in the recruitment of patients, it is essential to facilitate a greater understanding of the challenges faced  to promote effective communication  and to encourage educational research training programs. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1057	"Klein, B., et al. (2016). """"Specific immune cell and cytokine characteristics of human testicular germ cell neoplasia."""" Human Reproduction 31(10): 2192-2202."""""	" Which immune cells and cytokine profiles are characteristic for testicular germ cell neoplasia and what consequences does this have for the understanding of the related testicular immunopathology? The unique immune environment of testicular germ cell neoplasia comprises B cells and dendritic cells as well as high transcript levels of IL-6 and other B cell supporting or T helper cell type 1 (Th1)-driven cytokines and thus differs profoundly from normal testis or inflammatory lesions associated with hypospermatogenesis. T cells are known to be the major component of inflammatory infiltrates associated with either hypospermatogenesis or testicular cancer. It has previously been reported that B cells are only involved within infiltrates of seminoma samples, but this has not been investigated further. Immunohistochemical characterisation (IHC) of infiltrating immune cells and RT-qPCR-based analysis of corresponding cytokine microenvironments was performed on different testicular pathologies. Testicular biopsies, obtained from men undergoing andrological work-up of infertility or taken during surgery for testicular cancer, were used in this study. Samples were grouped as follows: (i) normal spermatogenesis (n = 18), (ii) hypospermatogenesis associated with lymphocytic infiltrates (n = 10), (iii) samples showing neoplasia [germ cell neoplasia in situ (GCNIS, n = 26) and seminoma, n = 18]. IHC was performed using antibodies against T cells (CD3+), B cells (CD20cy+), dendritic cells (CD11c+), macrophages (CD68+) and mast cells (mast cell tryptase+). Degree and compartmental localisation of immune cells throughout all groups analysed was evaluated semi-quantitatively. RT-qPCR on RNA extracted from cryo-preserved tissue samples was performed to analyse mRNA cytokine expression, specifically levels of IL-1 beta, IL-6, IL-17a, tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-alpha (pro-inflammatory), IL-10, transforming growth factor (TGF)-beta 1 (anti-inflammatory), IL-2, IL-12a, IL-12b, interferon (IFN)-gamma (Th1-driven), IL-4, IL-5, IL-13, IL-23a (Th2-driven), CXCL-13, CXCL-10 and CCL-5 (chemokines). This is the first study showing a direct linkage between the distribution pattern of immune cells in hypospermatogenesis versus testicular cancer and analysis of a wide range of 17 related cyto- and chemokines. A fundamental difference between testicular inflammation patterns associated with different testicular inflammatory conditions either containing or lacking neoplastic cells was demonstrated. In hypospermatogenesis, T cells were detected, whereas B cells and dendritic cells were almost absent. Within GCNIS and seminoma, in addition to T cells, high numbers of dendritic cells and B cells were found, the latter additionally organised in cell clusters, whereas mast cells were absent. Transcripts encoding pro-inflammatory cytokines (IL-1 beta, IL-6 and TNF-alpha), anti-inflammatory cytokines (TGF-beta 1), Th1-driven cytokines (IL-2 and IFN-gamma) as well as chemokines (CXCL-13, CXCL-10 and CCL-5) were all significantly increased in testicular germ cell neoplasia (P a parts per thousand currency sign 0.01), suggesting the presence of a pro-tumorigenic environment. In contrast, Th2-related cytokines (IL-5, IL-13 and IL-23a) characterised the environment within samples showing normal spermatogenesis as well as hypospermatogenesis. One of the most important outcomes is the pivotal role of IL-6 in testicular cancer that opens potential novel diagnostic and/or immune-therapeutic perspective for testis cancer. Testicular tissue composed of immune cells as well as other somatic cells and germ cells does not allow identification of specific cytokine sources or single cell types, being responsible for establishing the overall cytokine environment. In this study, laser-assisted microdissection did not reach the required efficiency for RT-qPCR analyses. Therefore, in vitro models would be suggested for addressing the above-mentioned issue. Conclusions about cytokine levels in testes with GCNIS are based on a small number of samples. The unique B cell presence and the significantly increased expression level of IL-6 in testicular germ cell neoplasia (P < 0.001) strengthen its special role in this disease. In line with current knowledge on other types of cancer, these results underline the relevance of further investigating the potential of IL-6 as early biomarker and target for therapeutic intervention in testicular germ cell neoplasia. This study (and B.K. in person) was supported by the Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft (DFG) as part of the International Research Training Group between Justus Liebig University of Giessen and Monash University, Melbourne (GRK 1871/1) on 'Molecular pathogenesis on male reproductive disorders'. T.H., H.-C.S. and M.B. were supported by the LOEWE focus group 'MIBIE' (male infertility during infection & inflammation)-an excellence initiative of the German state government of Hessen. From the Australian side, K.L. was supported by NHMRC grants (Fellowship, ID1079646 and Project, ID1081987)  K.L., S.I. and M.H. received scholarship (S.I.) and research funding (K.L., M.H.) from Monash University. The project also drew support from the Victorian Government's Operational Infrastructure Support Program. The authors have no competing interests to declare."""
NaN		1058	"Klein, H. J., et al. (2014). """"The Assessment of Commitment: Advantages of a Unidimensional, Target-Free Approach."""" Journal of Applied Psychology 99(2): 222-238."""""	" This study presents a new approach to assessing commitment reflecting the Klein, Molloy, and Brinsfield (2012) reconceptualization. Klein et al. recast the construct to address issues hindering commitment scholarship, but their claims cannot be tested with existing measures. This paper presents a 4-item measure consistent with the Klein et al. conceptual definition, a measure intended to be unidimensional and applicable across all workplace targets. Our purpose is to present the development of and provide initial validity evidence for this new commitment measure and to compare it to existing alternative measures. Hypotheses around these objectives were tested with data gathered across 5 samples yielding 2,487 participants representing a wide range of jobs, organizations, and industries. Each sample examined a unique set of variables and targets that together provide a comprehensive test of this new measure relative to 8 different targets, several constructs within the nomological network, and 4 prior commitment measures. Results support our hypotheses regarding (a) the measure's properties and structure, (b) convergence and divergence with prior measures of commitment and other constructs in the nomological network, and (c) advantages over prior measures. These findings support the validity of this new approach to assessing commitment, laying the foundation for future research to address critiques of the commitment construct  better examine the multiple commitments individuals simultaneously hold  and bring consistency, synergy, and integration to commitment scholarship across workplace targets. The conceptual, methodological, and practical benefits of the measure are discussed, along with study limitations and future research opportunities."""
NaN		1059	"Klein, S. S. (2009). """"Effective STEM Professional Development: A Biomedical Engineering RET Site Project."""" International Journal of Engineering Education 25(3): 523-533."""""	" The Vanderbilt University Biomedical Engineering RET Site Project was created through the National Science Foundation's Research Experience for Teachers program with the goals of giving teachers a broad overview of biomedical engineering, engaging the teachers in meaningful research experiences, told helping teachers to take their research experiences back to their high school science classrooms. Forty-four teachers participated in a twenty-four day summer program with academic year follow-up in which they completed a research project ill a biomedical engineering laboratory. designed all instructional unit based oil that research experience, and implemented it in their high school classroom. As judged by two attitude surveys given to the participants, this RET program seems to have been all effective program for engaging teachers in meaningful research experiences that allowed them to experience and understand the research process, giving them the ability to relate this to their students. Teachers were able to contribute to the overall research goal of their lab and they were able to complete a small project (hiring their tenure in the lab. Teachers were able to develop an instructional unit based on their research experiences that helped them to bring back into their classrooms what they had learned about STEM research. The teachers' self-confidence grew along with their views of the importance of science research in the classroom and their willingness to seek help. The combination of research and structured instructional materials development based on educational research has created a highly effective professional development program for improving STEM instruction in our high schools and meeting the NSF's program goals."""
NaN		1060	"Klein-Gardner, S. S., et al. (2012). """"Impact of RET Teacher-Developed Curriculum Units on Classroom Experiences for Teachers and Students."""" Journal of Pre-College Engineering Education Research 2(2): 15."""""	" This phenomenological study examined the impact of Research Experiences for Teachers (RET) teacher-developed curriculum on teaching styles and strategies at two RET sites with common Legacy Cycle training. The study was conducted to assess and document program-specific and National Science Foundation (NSF) goals related to classroom practices and outcomes. We set out to define how the RET program influenced teachers' teaching style and strategies and how teachers' new curriculum from the RET program affected students. Twenty-seven science and math teachers participated in interviews at the end of their summer research experience, and twenty of these teachers participated in interviews after teaching their Legacy Cycle module during the academic year. These interviews were coded for themes and subthemes relating to teachers' teaching styles and their effects on students. Teachers used real-world contexts within their Legacy Cycle curricula and thus began to teach in interdisciplinary ways, exposing students to engineering in the process. According to their teachers, students enjoyed learning with the Legacy Cycle curricula. They took a more active role in the classroom, leading them to be better able to apply their new knowledge. Using the Legacy Cycle as a pedagogical approach in an RET program leads to instructional materials that integrate teachers' research while maintaining use of state and national standards. Teachers perceived that student enjoyment of, and engagement in, the material increased, while also exposing them to engineering."""
NaN		1061	"Klesse, S., et al. (2016). """"Integrating tree-ring and inventory-based measurements of aboveground biomass growth: research opportunities and carbon cycle consequences from a large snow breakage event in the Swiss Alps."""" European Journal of Forest Research 135(2): 297-311."""""	" The temporal variability of the forest sink is associated with high uncertainties in both its magnitude and the driving ecological and climatic processes. In this study, we assess the inter-annual variability (IAV) of carbon uptake using annually resolved aboveground biomass increment (ABI) estimates from 272 pseudorandomly sampled trees at a long-term monitoring plot in the dry valley of the Valais in Switzerland. Over the 1950-2011 period, the mean ABI is 86.8 g C m(-2) year(-1) with an IAV of +/-31 %. The IAV is largely driven by hydrological conditions throughout the water year from previous August to current August (r(SPEI) = 0.56  1st differenced r = 0.75, p < 0.001). During extremely dry years (such as 1972, 1976, 1998, and 2011), the carbon accumulation was reduced up to 63 % from the long-term mean. Furthermore, our analysis explores possible biases of annual ABI derived from manual band dendrometers in permanent plot inventories caused by water status related changes in tree size. During the snow breakage event in March 2012 and subsequent management activities, 17 % of the standing biomass was killed. We estimate that the remaining trees will take similar to 16 years to make up for the loss of this disturbance, assuming a similar growth rate of the remaining trees as during the previous 60 years and that a potentially drier climate and the increased water availability for the remaining trees will balance each other. We demonstrate that well-replicated, representative tree-ring datasets have a huge potential to complement shorter-term and lower-resolution forest inventory monitoring data. Integrating treering and plot data allow one to gain knowledge about annual changes in forest productivity even before monitoring started and help ecosystem managers to better adapt their strategies."""
NaN		1062	"Klingel, A. and S. Erbes (2012). """"What Can a Student Teacher Learn from Undergraduate Research?"""" Kappa Delta Pi Record 48(3): 100-104."""""	" A disconnect exists between teaching and research "" and it has become easy, if not automatic, for K-12 teachers to be enthusiastic about teaching and less supportive of research. As a student teacher, the first author found herself adopting the stereotype that research is associated with the sciences and is less pertinent to K-12 education. She never had paused to consider what counts as research and how she, as a future educator, could bridge the gap K-12 teachers consistently encounter when considering research and teaching. Then she began making connections. After spending a summer involved in an undergraduate research experience, she has had many opportunities to consider this question: What can a student teacher learn from undergraduate research? First, undergraduate research is not limited to mundane science experiments found in textbooks and required course assignments like research papers. Rather, undergraduate research is an inquiry-based learning approach that involves """"asking"""" questions, """"conducting"""" original experiments, """"solving"""" real problems, """"answering"""" questions, and """"being actively involved"""" in the learning process. Next, efforts like undergraduate research opportunities should be promoted so that steps to narrow the gap between teaching and research can be executed. The research process is not limited to only those who participate in the sciences. Rather, it is limited because one chooses not to embrace it. Educators in the 21st century must accept that research and teaching exist mutually, not exclusively. Only then will they become truly great teachers."""""
NaN		1063	Knall, G., et al. (2011). Experience of Testing with Elderly Users. Friendly Rest Room: Developing Toilets of the Future for Disabled and Elderly People. J. F. M. Molenbroek, J. Mantas and R. DeBruin. 27: 141-150.	" The experiences and knowledge gained from user tests with primary (elderly) and secondary (caretakers) users carried out at two of the five different User Research Bases (URBs) in the FRR Project, located in Lund and Athens, have been analyzed for commonalities and differences. Aim of the tests was to actively involve users in all the phases of development of the FRR, including needs assessment, actual measurements, reporting of requirements, and evaluation of designed components. Working with people with different abilities proved to be a challenging research experience in both URBs. In-depth understanding about what test persons need, think and feel about their difficulties in daily life was only possible through recognition of the importance of the role of test persons in this interaction. Valuable experience was gained about how to manage difficulties during interaction with test persons and prototypes as well as working in a multidisciplinary team and in collaboration with other URBs from different scientific and cultural backgrounds. It is concluded that rest rooms of today are often unnecessarily inaccessible and the test results of the FRR project have increased the knowledge on how to improve the design of toilets  and this, comparing the results from the different URBs, does not really seem to differ from culture to culture."""
NaN		1064	"Knezek, G., et al. (2013). """"Impact of Environmental Power Monitoring Activities on Middle School Student Perceptions of STEM."""" Science Education International 24(1): 98-123."""""	" Middle school is a crucial stage in student development as students prepare for a fast changing future. The science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) skills that students acquire in middle school lay the foundation for a successful career in STEM. Moreover, most STEM occupations require competencies in science, math and logical thinking prior to engagement in problem solving. Therefore, it is vital to prepare and develop interest in middle school students to participate in the future STEM workforce. This study examines the impact of hands-on authentic projects on middle school students' STEM content knowledge and perceptions. The participants for the study were 246 middle school students (Grades 6, 7, and 8) from six schools in the states of Texas, Louisiana, Maine and Vermont in the United States (U.S.). Employing a quasi-experimental design, the students who participated in the project activities were measured on their STEM knowledge and dispositions before and after project participation. The findings indicate that middle school students who participated in standby power monitoring activities not only reported gains in their STEM content knowledge, but also showed an improvement in their creative tendencies and their perceptions about STEM subjects and careers. This increase in STEM perceptions was more pronounced for female middle school students than for male students. The results of the study suggest that carefully designed project-based activities that encourage inquiry-based learning can be very effective at the middle school level. (Contains 5 tables and 4 figures.)"""
NaN		1065	"Knight, R. A. and N. Botting (2016). """"Organising undergraduate research projects: student-led and academic-led models."""" Journal of Applied Research in Higher Education 8(4): 455-468."""""	" Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to address the management of undergraduate final year research dissertations. It intends to explain and clarify the experience of two models of delivery (student-led/academic-led) with reference to interest development theory (Hidi and Renninger, 2006). Design/methodology/approach - The authors focus on the advantages and drawbacks of each model within the context of the research literature, and describe a case study of the experiences of lecturers and students in one division of a metropolitan UK university, running a leading programme in speech and language therapy (pathology). Recommendations are made which are intended to be of use to colleagues across disciplines and organisations. Findings - The authors argue that a delivery where students can choose their research topic from a limited set suggested by supervisors (academic-led model) is best placed to meet motivational challenges in Hidi and Renninger's framework, and also increase feasibility for staff. The authors discuss how such a model might best be implemented. Originality/value - Describing case study experiences within a conceptual framework is important for the development of improved supervision methods. It is hoped that this case study paper will inform other institutions by providing clear theoretical underpinnings and practical recommendations  and that it will lead to further empirical research into models of organising final year dissertations."""
NaN		1066	"Knudsen, H. K., et al. (2007). """"Research participation and turnover intention: An exploratory analysis of substance abuse counselors."""" Journal of Substance Abuse Treatment 33(2): 211-217."""""	" Clinical research is increasingly being conducted in community-based addiction treatment settings. Although the primary focus of such research is on the development of effective clinical interventions, less attention has been paid to the potential impact of these projects on counseling staff who are involved in their implementation. Such involvement may be perceived as stressful or rewarding, and these perceptions may be associated with counselors' turnover intention. Using data from 207 counselors involved in research projects conducted within the National Institute on Drug Abuse's Clinical Trials Network, this study examines the associations between counselors' reactions to research experiences and turnover intention. When counselors perceived that research projects resulted in organizational benefits, turnover intention was significantly lower. However, there was a positive association between perceptions of research-related stressors and turnover intention. These findings suggest that the impact of clinical trials on treatment organizations and staff members warrants continued study. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1067	"Knutson, C. C., et al. (2014). """"Mentoring Graduate Students in Research and Teaching by Utilizing Research as a Template."""" Journal of Chemical Education 91(2): 200."""""	" We have designed a unique guided-inquiry-inspired course for entry-level graduate students using chemical research as a mechanism to teach research-oriented problem-solving skills. The course has been designed for flexibility around a shared research experience. The curriculum can be modified each year by incorporating a new research project into the framework of the course. Advanced graduate students and postdoctoral scholars serve as course instructors, providing significant teaching and mentoring opportunities for them. The benefits of the inquiry-driven approach have been reinforced through careful selection of instructors and students. We have been able to create a positive learning environment and a highly beneficial award system for students and instructors by offering an opportunity to publish class results in a scholarly journal. The course serves as a template for the implementation of similar graduate coursework at comparable research institutions."""
NaN		1068	"Knutson, K., et al. (2010). """"Bringing the Excitement and Motivation of Research to Students - Using Inquiry and Research-Based Learning in a Year-Long Biochemistry Laboratory: Part II--Research-Based Laboratory--A Semester-Long Research Approach Using Malate Dehydrogenase as a Research Model."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 38(5): 324-329."""""	" Research-based learning in a teaching environment is an effective way to help bring the excitement and experience of independent bench research to a large number of students. The program described here is the second of a two-semester biochemistry laboratory series. Here, students are empowered to design, execute and analyze their own experiments for the entire semester. This style of laboratory replaces a variety of shorter labs in favor of an in depth research-based learning experience. The concept is to allow students to function in independent research groups. The research projects are focused on a series of wild-type and mutant clones of malate dehydrogenase. A common research theme for the laboratory helps instructors administer the course and is key to delivering a research opportunity to a large number of students. The outcome of this research-based learning laboratory results in students who are much more confident and skilled in critical areas in biochemistry and molecular biology. Students with research experience have significantly higher confidence and motivation than those students without a previous research experience. We have also found that all students performed better in advanced courses and in the workplace. (Contains 1 table.)"""
NaN		1069	"Koblinsky, S. A., et al. (2015). """"Preparing Future Faculty and Professionals for Public Health Careers."""" American Journal of Public Health 105: S125-S131."""""	" Recent years have brought rapid growth in schools of public health and an increasing demand for public health practitioners. These trends highlight the need for innovative approaches to prepare doctoral graduates for academic and high-level practice positions. The University of Maryland's School of Public Health developed a ""Preparing Future Faculty and Professionals"""" program to enrich the graduate education and professional development of its doctoral students. We describe the program's key elements, including foundational seminars to enhance students' knowledge and skills related to teaching, research, and service""  activities designed to foster career exploration and increase competitiveness in the job market  and independent, faculty-mentored teaching and research experiences. We present a model for replicating the program and share student outcomes of participation."""
NaN		1070	"Kodadek, L. M., et al. (2016). """"Educating the surgeon-scientist: A qualitative study evaluating challenges and barriers toward becoming an academically successful surgeon."""" Surgery 160(6): 1456-1465."""""	" Background. The advancement of surgical science relies on educating new generations of surgeon- scientists. Career development awards (K Awards) from the National Institutes of Health, often considered a marker of early academic success, are one way physician-scientists may foster skills through a mentored research experience. This study aimed to develop a conceptual framework to understand institutional support and other factors leading to a K Award. Methods. A national, qualitative study was conducted with academic surgeons. Participants included 15 K Awardees and 12 surgery department Chairs. Purposive sampling ensured a diverse range of experiences. Semistructured, in-depth telephone interviews were conducted. Interviews were audio recorded and transcribed verbatim, and 2 reviewers analyzed the transcripts using Grounded Theory methodology. Results. Participants described individual and institutional factors contributing to success. K Awardees cited personal factors such as perseverance and team leadership skills. Chairs described the K Awardee as an institutional ""investment"""" requiring protected time for research, financial support, and mentorship. Both K Awardees and Chairs identified a number of challenges unique to the surgeon-scientist, including financial strains and competing clinical demands. Conclusion. Institutional support for surgeons pursuing K Awards is a complex investment with significant initial costs to the department. Chairs act as stewards of institutional resources and support those surgeon-scientists most likely to be successful. Although the K Award pathway is one way to develop surgeon-scientists, financial burdens and challenges may limit its usefulness. These findings, however, may better prepare young surgeons to develop career plans and identify new mechanisms for academic productivity."""""
NaN		1071	"Kohlmeier, J., et al. (2011). """"Using Mentoring to Support a Novice Teacher Using Problem Based Historical Inquiry with """"Low Achieving"""" Students."""" Journal of Social Studies Research 35(1): 56-79."""""	" Inquiry-based history instruction is rare in most school settings, but particularly in classes of students who are perceived to be ""low achieving."""" Students with low reading abilities or test scores typically receive instruction focused on rote recall of historical information. Teachers and students face great obstacles in inquiry based learning, so often teachers fail to attempt complex instruction with students they perceive will struggle. This paper explores a collaborative community of practice involving classroom teachers and teacher educators, working to implement problem based historical inquiry with a class of students perceived to be """"low-achieving"""". Though not generalizable, this paper suggests effective collaboration may encourage the development of professional teaching knowledge that motivates and supports novice teachers in providing all students opportunities to engage in issues-centered history instruction. (Contains 3 tables.)"""""
NaN		1072	"Kohlwes, J., et al. (2016). """"Does research training during residency promote scholarship and influence career choice? A cross-sectional analysis of a 10-year cohort of the UCSF–PRIME Internal Medicine Residency Program."""" Teaching and Learning in Medicine 28(3): 314-319."""""	" Problem: The Association of Program Directors in Internal Medicine, the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education, the Alliance for Academic Internal Medicine, and the Carnegie Foundation report on medical education recommend creating individualized learning pathways during medical training so that learners can experience broader professional roles beyond patient care. Little data exist to support the success of these specialized pathways in graduate medical education. Intervention: We present the 10-year experience of the Primary Care Medicine Education (PRIME) track, a clinical-outcomes research pathway for internal medicine residents at the University of California San Francisco (UCSF). We hypothesized that participation in an individualized learning track, PRIME, would lead to a greater likelihood of publishing research from residency and accessing adequate career mentorship and would be influential on subsequent alumni careers. Context: We performed a cross-sectional survey of internal medicine residency alumni from UCSF who graduated in 2001 through 2010. We compared responses of PRIME and non-PRIME categorical alumni. We used Pearson's chi-square and Student's t test to compare PRIME and non-PRIME alumni on categorical and continuous variables. Outcome: Sixty-six percent (211/319) of alumni responded to the survey. A higher percentage of PRIME alumni published residency research projects compared to non-PRIME alumni (64% vs. 40%  p = .002). The number of PRIME alumni identifying research as their primary career role was not significantly different from non-PRIME internal medicine residency graduates (35% of PRIME vs. 29% non-PRIME). Process measures that could explain these findings include adequate access to mentors (M 4.4 for PRIME vs. 3.6 for non-PRIME alumni, p < .001, on a 5-point Likert scale) and agreeing that mentoring relationships affected career choice (M 4.2 for PRIME vs. 3.7 for categorical alumni, p = .001). Finally, 63% of PRIME alumni agreed that their research experience during residency influenced their subsequent career choice versus 46% of non-PRIME alumni (p = .023). Lessons Learned: Our results support the concept that providing residents with an individualized learning pathway focusing on clinical outcomes research during residency enables them to successfully publish manuscripts and access mentorship, and may influence subsequent career choice. Implementation of individualized residency program tracks that nurture academic interests along with clinical skills can support career development within medicine residency programs. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1073	"Kolloffel, B., et al. (2009). """"The Effects of Representational Format on Learning Combinatorics from an Interactive Computer Simulation."""" Instructional Science: An International Journal of the Learning Sciences 37(6): 503-517."""""	" The current study investigated the effects of different external representational formats on learning combinatorics and probability theory in an inquiry based learning environment. Five conditions were compared in a pre-test post-test design: three conditions each using a single external representational format (Diagram, Arithmetic, or Text), and two conditions using multiple representations (Text + Arithmetic or Diagram + Arithmetic). The major finding of the study is that a format that combines text and arithmetics was most beneficial for learning, in particular with regard to procedural knowledge, that is the ability to execute action sequences to solve problems. Diagrams were found to negatively affect learning and to increase cognitive load. Combining diagrams with arithmetical representations reduced cognitive load, but did not improve learning outcomes."""
NaN		1074	"Kong, S. C. and Y. Song (2014). """"The Impact of a Principle-Based Pedagogical Design on Inquiry-Based Learning in a Seamless Learning Environment in Hong Kong."""" Educational Technology & Society 17(2): 127-141."""""	" An inquiry-based learning pedagogy coupled with a seamless learning environment is a potential way to realise the educational goal of learner-centred learning in digital classrooms in the 21st century. An overarching research framework is proposed for preparing teachers to effectively develop pedagogical designs that are premised on theoretical principles and facilitate inquiry-based learning in a seamless learning environment. We carried out an initial study using the overarching framework. Three questions are addressed: how a principle-based pedagogical design was developed and implemented, the effect that the principle-based pedagogical design had on students' domain knowledge gains and inquiry skills and how students advanced their domain knowledge and developed their inquiry skills. One teacher and 27 students from a local primary school were involved in the study. Both qualitative and quantitative data were collected and analysed over two weeks. Six inquiry-based learning lessons focusing on a scientific ""rustproofing"""" learning unit were conducted in a seamless learning environment, initiated in a digital classroom and extended to online discussions on a social network platform. The results reveal innovative ways of developing and implementing the pedagogical design in the rustproofing learning unit and demonstrate the pedagogical design's positive effect on students' domain knowledge gains and inquiry skills. In addition, how the students advanced their domain knowledge and inquiry skills were also explored and discussed."""""
NaN		1075	"Koray, O., et al. (2010). """"Simple production experiment of poly (3-hydroxy butyrate) for science laboratories and its importance for science process skills of prospective teachers."""" Energy Education Science and Technology Part B-Social and Educational Studies 2(1-2): 39-54."""""	" Poly (3-hydroxybutyrate), PHB, is a biocompatible and biodegradable polymer accumulated in microorganism cells as a reserve material. PHB production in biotechnology laboratories has been carried out by using expensive instruments such as autoclave, a large thermostatted shaker, a freeze dryer, and an automatic refrigerated centrifuge. A very simple method of PHB production with Alcaligenes eutrophus for use in science teaching freshman laboratory is reported in this article. The study was conducted with 6 prospective elementary teachers. An ordinary glass 1 L jar, a 4L pressure cooker and thermostate for aquariums were used in fermentation process of the bacterium in nutrient solution containing table sugar as a substrate. In conclusion, the thermal and characterization data confirmed the PHB structure. Science Process Skills are investigated in this study. Qaulitative method was used to acquire data and analyze the science process skills experienced by the students in the experiment. The article discusses on development of some science process skills during the experimental process and gives suggestions for future use and research."""
NaN		1076	"Koro-Ljungberg, M. (2007). """"""""Democracy to Come"""": A Personal Narrative of Pedagogical Practices and """"Othering"""" within a Context of Higher Education and Research Training."""" Teaching in Higher Education 12(5): 13."""""	" The purpose of this essay is to simultaneously work for and against democracy, ""Othering"""" and commonality, from the perspective of a teacher and qualitative methodologist working in a higher education setting. I describe examples of conceptual frameworks and my own pedagogical practices that are shaped by a multidimensional, incomplete, and fragmented vision of democracy. Furthermore, I discuss both the possibilities and impossibilities of learning and teaching within the context of changing, but specific historical and material pedagogical conditions. Specifically, I focus on how learners' rights, responsibilities, and various voices and the partially negotiated curriculum require the learning community to (re)consider the """"Other""""--other learners, pedagogies, and ideologies, as well as other contexts and contents of learning."""""
NaN		1077	"Koro-Ljungberg, M. and R. Bussing (2013). """"Methodological Modifications in a Longitudinal Qualitative Research Design."""" Field Methods 25(4): 423-440."""""	" This article explores methodological shifts in longitudinal qualitative research and illustrates how researchers can maintain methodological continuity while staying open to necessary modifications. We describe methodological modifications and changes that occurred during our longitudinal research process. These change processes were initiated due to general advances in the field of qualitative research methodology, personal research experiences gained during the research process, and preliminary analysis findings. The change processes complicated our methodological decision making and simultaneously refined study purposes and analytical intentions. The investigation of change over time, time in context, and time and texture also play a significant role in our examples and reflections in this article. We argue that careful analysis and accounting of methodological continuity, modification, and changes can strengthen the trustworthiness of longitudinal studies, an important goal considering the methodological complexity often associated with longitudinal qualitative research."""
NaN		1078	"Koro-Ljungberg, M., et al. (2012). """"Documents of learning: Graduate students’ experiences of tensions when studying qualitative data analysis approaches."""" Reflective Practice 13(2): 195-207."""""	" This reflective article discusses the learning processes and experiences associated with qualitative data analysis as presented in students’ reflection journals. Fourteen doctoral students in a qualitative data analysis course shared their reflective journals with the research team. Data analysis included: (1) analysis of tension type and contexts  and (2) critical discourse analysis of students’ texts. The data illustrated various types and contexts of tensions such as: (1) desire for mastery and positioning oneself as a lifelong learner  (2) time required for analysis and time available to complete the research project  (3) holistic and detail oriented analysis  and (4) individual perception of an analysis and group consensus. Based on the findings, the use of reflective journaling can facilitate student learning and instructors’ understandings of students’ professional growth. The article concludes with some benefits and limitations of reflective journaling as documents of learning in the context of research training. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1079	"Kortz, K. M. and K. J. van der Hoeven Kraft (2016). """"Geoscience Education Research Project: Student Benefits and Effective Design of a Course-Based Undergraduate Research Experience."""" Journal of Geoscience Education 64(1): 24-36."""""	" Undergraduate research has been shown to be an effective practice for learning science. While this is a popular discussion topic, there are few full examples in the literature for introductory-level students. This paper describes the Geoscience Education Research Project, an innovative course-based research experience designed for introductory-level, nonscience majors. Participating students complete all steps of a scientific research project, starting with the research question, ''What do college students think about ___?'' Students fill in the blank with a geoscience topic of their choosing. Support for the students is ongoing through detailed directions and multiple checkpoint assignments with timely feedback to ensure they are on task. This design and support can be used as a model for other undergraduate research experiences. Student reactions to the benefits of participating in the research project and the effectiveness of its design were analyzed. Students' benefits from this research project included increased content knowledge, improved skills, and positive affective responses, such as interest leading to motivation. In this study, students were also found to have an increased appreciation of science and scientists, without necessarily having the desire to become scientists themselves. Student reactions to the design of the Geoscience Education Research Project emphasized the importance of an appealing topic, careful planning and conveying of project information, frequent deadlines and feedback, and communication by students beyond just the professor. Based on these findings, recommendations for successful implementation of course-based, introductory-level undergraduate research experiences are given."""
NaN		1080	"Koshmanova, T. and N. Hapon (2007). """"Exploratory Study of Changing Ethnic Stereotypes of the Ukrainian Teacher Candidates towards Peaceful Attitudes."""" Journal of Peace Education 4(1): 75-93."""""	" The study focuses on exploring the method of changing pre-service teachers' stereotypes about different ethnicities. The purpose of the study is to test, or try out, an approach for changing beliefs and attitudes of teacher candidates towards peace-building, democracy, humanism, and accepting others. The procedure for this study involved investigating teacher candidates' attitudes or ethnic stereotypes about different nations bordering Ukraine and about themselves as well, conducting attitudes/stereotypes' intervention towards the formation of teachers' peaceful attitudes, and analyzing the consequences of this intervention. The article specifically analyses the research experience for teacher candidates as they reflected on their multi-ethic practices. It also utilizes the research findings to inform the field of teacher education for peace. (Contains 2 tables and 1 figure.)"""
NaN		1081	"Koskinen, L., et al. (2012). """"Advanced practice nursing for enduring health needs management: A global perspective."""" Nurse Education Today 32(5): 540-544."""""	" Advanced practice nursing expertise has been acknowledged worldwide as one response to the challenges arising from changes in society and health care. The roots of advanced practice nursing education are at the University of Colorado where the first known programme started in 1965. In many countries advanced practice nurses (APNs) have taken responsibility for routine patient care formerly carried out by physicians in order to reduce their workload. However, more and more. APNs have taken responsibility for new service areas and quality programmes not previously provided. Chronic disease management is one of these new service areas because long-term diseases are increasingly challenging service systems globally. This article is based on an international APN partnership. The aim of the article is to describe how the partnership will design a 15 ECTS credit course on Enduring Health Need Management as a cross-cultural collaborative endeavour. The adaptation of an inquiry based learning framework will be described drawing on four main principles of the theory: authentic learning communities  student encouragement in analysing gradually more complicated problems  networking in knowledge creation and  student engagement and activity. The cross-cultural online course aims to increase APNs' intercultural competence as well as their global and international work orientation. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1082	"Kost, R. G., et al. (2011). """"Assessing Research Participants' Perceptions of their Clinical Research Experiences."""" Cts-Clinical and Translational Science 4(6): 403-413."""""	" Introduction: Participants perceptions of their research experiences provide valuable measures of ethical treatment, yet no validated instruments exist to measure these experiences. We conducted focus groups of research participants and professionals as the initial step in developing a validated instrument. Methods: Research participants enrolled in 12 focus groups, consisting of: (1) individuals with disorders undergoing interventions  (2) in natural history studies  or (3) healthy volunteers. Research professionals participated in six separate groups of: (1) institutional review board members, ethicists, and Research Subject Advocates  (2) research nurses/coordinators  or (3) investigators. Focus groups used standard methodologies. Results: Eighty-five participants and 29 professionals enrolled at eight academic centers. Altruism and personal relevance of the research were commonly identified motivators  financial compensation was less commonly mentioned. Participants were satisfied with informed consent processes but disappointed if not provided test results, or study outcomes. Positive relationships with research teams were valued highly. Research professionals were concerned about risks, undue influence, and informed consent. Conclusions: Participants join studies for varied, complex reasons, notably altruism and personal relevance. They value staff relationships, health gains, new knowledge, and compensation, and expect professionalism and good organization. On the basis of these insights, we propose specific actions to enhance participant recruitment, retention, and satisfaction. Clin Trans Sci 2011  Volume 4: 403-413"""
NaN		1083	"Kothari, A., et al. (2015). """"Communities of practice for supporting health systems change: a missed opportunity."""" Health Research Policy and Systems 13."""""	" Background: Communities of practice (CoPs) have been used in the health sector to support professional practice change. However, little is known about how CoPs might be used to influence a system that requires change at and across various levels (i.e. front line care, organizational, governmental). In this paper we examine the experience of a CoP in the Canadian province of Ontario as it engages in improving the care of seniors. Our aim is to shed light on using CoPs to facilitate systems change. Methods: This paper draws on year one findings of a larger multiple case study that is aiming to increase understanding of knowledge translation processes mobilized through CoPs. In this paper we strategically report on one case to illustrate a critical example of a CoP trying to effect systems change. Primary data included semi-structured interviews with CoP members (n = 8), field notes from five planning meetings, and relevant background documents. Data analysis included deductive coding (i.e. pre-determined codes aligned with the larger project) and inductive coding which allowed codes and themes to emerge. A thorough description of the case was prepared using all the coded data. Results: The CoP recognized a need to support health professionals (nurses, dentists) and related paraprofessionals with knowledge, experience, and resources to appropriately address their clients' oral health care needs. Accordingly, the CoP led a knowledge-to-action initiative that involved a seven-part webinar series meant to transfer step-by-step, skill-based knowledge through live and archived webinars. Although the core planning team functioned effectively to develop the webinars, the CoP was challenged by organizational and long-term care sector cultures, as well as governmental structures within the broader health context. Conclusion: The provincial CoP functioned as an incubator that brought together best practices, research, experiences, a reflective learning cycle, and passionate champions. Nevertheless, the CoP's efforts to stimulate practice changes were met with broader resistance. Research about how to use CoPs to influence health systems change is needed given that CoPs are being tasked with this goal."""
NaN		1084	"Krafft, M., et al. (2015). """"The evolution of marketing channel research domains and methodologies: An integrative review and future directions."""" Journal of Retailing 91(4): 569-585."""""	" Marketing channels are among the most important elements of any value chain. This is because the bulk of a nation’s manufacturing output flows through them. The intermediaries (e.g., distributors, wholesalers, retailers) constituting marketing channels perform specific distribution functions, such as transportation, storage, sales, financing, and relationship building, better than most manufacturers. Over his distinguished career, Louis P. Bucklin investigated many questions about the structuring and functioning of marketing channels using conceptual, empirical, and microeconomics model-based methodologies. Today, the academic marketing literature contains hundreds of articles that have employed these three broad classes of methodologies to investigate issues of channel intermediaries’ inter-organizational relationships, for example, power-dependence, relational outcomes, conflict and negotiations, and manufacturing firms’ channel strategy, for example, channel structure, selection, coordination and control. So far, however, there has been no review of how the three different methodologies have contributed to advancing knowledge across this set of channels research domains. This paper is the first that aims to (1) chart how channels research employing each of the three classes of methodologies—conceptual, empirical, microeconomics model-based—has evolved over seven decades along with current trends  (2) review the contributions and shortcomings of research to date using these methodologies  and (3) suggest future research opportunities using these methodologies, separately or in an integrated fashion. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1085	Kraglund-Gauthier, W. L. (2014). USING INQUIRY-BASED LEARNING TO IDENTIFY ISSUES AND DEVELOP PEDAGOGICAL AWARENESS OF TEACHING WITH TECHNOLOGY: A SELF-STUDY FROM A PRE-SERVICE TEACHER EDUCATION CLASS. Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 2: 197-217.	" In this self-study, a pre-service teacher educator and her students in a pre-service teacher education program course elective ""21st Century Teaching and Learning with Technology"""" explored and reflected upon the complexities of imbedding inquiry-based learning as both a method of teaching and for learning about integrating technology into teaching practice. They discovered that inquiry activities incorporating application, synthesis, and critical analysis functioned as effective learning vehicles through which individuals can explore their own orientations and understandings. An authentic task for learning in which students were tasked with taking on responsibility for a cross-disciplinary, multi-grade professional development workshop for classmates proved to be the cornerstone upon which students gained self-efficacy in terms of beliefs in personal abilities to integrate technology, refined pedagogical perspectives, and theorized ways to enhance and nurture inquiry-based teaching and learning environments in 21st century classrooms that infuse technology. Their development was due, in part, to how their instructor presented learning content and modeled practice that was shaped by philosophies of teaching and learning."""""
NaN		1086	"Kratochwill, T. R. (2007). """"Preparing Psychologists for Evidence-Based School Practice: Lessons Learned and Challenges Ahead."""" American Psychologist 62(8): 829-843."""""	" The evidence-based practice (EBP) movement has the potential to significantly advance the quality of psychological and educational services provided by psychologists working in schools. Training psychologists in EBP has challenged the profession and caused faculty in graduate programs to reevaluate and retool professional training curricula and instructional practices. Four domains of challenges in graduate training are identified: (a) integrating the EBP knowledge base into the curriculum, (b) expanding models of research training, (c) expanding training in prevention science, and (d) expanding training in problem-solving consultation and school contextual issues. For each of these, the author discusses the range and scope of the challenge and possible solutions for advancing graduate training in psychology relevant to school practice."""
NaN		1087	"Kraut, G. L. (2015). """"Inverting an Introductory Statistics Classroom."""" PRIMUS 25(8): 683-693."""""	" The inverted classroom allows more in-class time for inquiry-based learning and for working through more advanced problem-solving activities than does the traditional lecture class. The skills acquired in this learning environment offer benefits far beyond the statistics classroom. This paper discusses four ways that can make the inverted classroom successful in an Introductory Statistics class: how to motivate students to prepare for each class, how to move the teaching of technology out of the classroom, how to balance student classwork, and how to create a mindset for learning."""
NaN		1088	"Krilowicz, B., et al. (2007). """"A Summer Program Designed to Educate College Students for Careers in Bioinformatics."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 6(1): 74-83."""""	" A summer program was created for undergraduates and graduate students that teaches bioinformatics concepts, offers skills in professional development, and provides research opportunities in academic and industrial institutions. We estimate that 34 of 38 graduates (89%) are in a career trajectory that will use bioinformatics. Evidence from open-ended research mentor and student survey responses, student exit interview responses, and research mentor exit interview/survey responses identified skills and knowledge from the fields of computer science, biology, and mathematics that are critical for students considering bioinformatics research. Programming knowledge and general computer skills were essential to success on bioinformatics research projects. General mathematics skills obtained through current undergraduate natural sciences programs were adequate for the research projects, although knowledge of probability and statistics should be strengthened. Biology knowledge obtained through the didactic phase of the program and prior undergraduate education was adequate, but advanced or specific knowledge could help students progress on research projects. The curriculum and assessment instruments developed for this program are available for adoption by other bioinformatics programs at http://www.calstatela.edu/SoCalBSI. (Contains 1 table and 4 figures.)"""
NaN		1089	"Krnel, D., et al. (2011). """"What's inside a sweet pepper fruit? Thinking about 'insides' in plants."""" Journal of Biological Education 45(1): 29-36."""""	" This paper presents one of the ways in which the ideas of active learning, problem solving, using history of science, probing students' ideas and other approaches can be implemented to bring about meaningful learning. The example is taken from the plant chemistry and is suitable for the lower secondary level. In this paper we wanted to show how, from a seemingly simple question 'What's inside a sweet pepper fruit', one can develop a complex teaching situation that leads to the realisation of teaching goals in a unique way. It shows merely one approach as an example of how to connect content (i.e. declarative knowledge, practical skills) and understanding of scientific processes (i.e. process-based knowledge), as well as the understanding of their own thought processes (i.e. metacognitive knowledge). The chemical analysis of the gases in the sweet pepper fruit showed that there was an increased concentration of carbon dioxide which is around 200 times greater than in the air and this is perhaps a good starting point for new problem-based teaching."""
NaN		1090	"Kueffer, C. (2012). """"THE IMPORTANCE OF COLLABORATIVE LEARNING AND RESEARCH AMONG CONSERVATIONISTS FROM DIFFERENT OCEANIC ISLANDS."""" Revue D Ecologie-La Terre Et La Vie: 125-135."""""	" I argue in this essay that conservationists on islands should engage more regularly in systematic cross-island learning and capitalise on the research opportunity provided by replicated islands around the world that are faced with similar nature conservation problems. In a rapidly changing anthropogenic world in particular learning across multiple sites is important to ensure that conservationists are not blind to unexpected future changes and novel ecological patterns and processes. There are increasingly opportunities for conservationists from different islands to interact but knowledge exchange remains often informal or piecemeal. One reason why cross-island learning is relatively rare may be the difficulty to generalise knowledge about real-world systems that are often highly idiosyncratic. It is thus often not clear how the insights gained in one place can be applied in another. However, medical doctors for instance are also faced with the challenge of building up it body of knowledge that is transferable from one patient to the next despite the uniqueness of each patient. Like doctors conservationists need to better learn how to form a shared pool of knowledge and expertise that is context-sensitive but still transferable between management cases. To indicate the range of conservation issues on islands that await a more systematic cross-island learning approach I discuss four examples: (i) predicting plant invasion risks, (ii) impacts of alien rats on native flora and fauna, (iii) mutualistic plant-animal interactions, and (iv) habitat restoration. I end the article by emphasising that successful cross-island research and learning depends on long-term continuous collaborations. Unique island biodiversity is rapidly disappearing. Island conservationists are confronted with the taunting task of devising and implementing new conservation strategies that address at once and in a very short time span many different interacting and rapidly changing threat factors, which affect thousands of threatened island species. To save much island biodiversity from extinction a global and concerted learning and action effort is urgently needed."""
NaN		1091	"Kuhn, M. L., et al. (2010). """"Bi-National and Interdisciplinary Course in Enzyme Engineering."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 38(6): 370-379."""""	" Higher education institutions and scientific funding agencies are emphasizing international projects that involve the integration and synergy between research groups, particularly if different disciplines are involved. Students with an education that reflects these trends will have more tools to succeed in the future, but it is challenging to provide this type of learning experience. Here we present the organization of a bi-national course with the goals to teach students protein structure/function relationships, which give them actual research experience in both computational and experimental laboratories, and engage them in an international networking experience. Two collaborative learning courses were organized at Loyola University Chicago (USA) and Universidad Nacional del Litoral (Argentina) for graduate and advanced undergraduate students. Multiple instructors at different stages in their careers gave lectures during the course and were able to interact with students on a one-on-one basis. Nearly every student from both institutions thoroughly enjoyed this approach, and they learned more about protein structure and gained important tools for their own research. We believe that this type of course design is applicable and transferable to other institutions and areas of science. We found that the combination of international networking and incorporation of actual research projects ignited the enthusiasm of students and instructors. Due to the success of these courses, we planned to incorporate them as regular series in our curriculum. (Contains 3 tables, 3 schemes, 2 figures, and 1 footnote.)"""
NaN		1092	"Kukner, J. M. (2013). """"Emerging Critical Literacy in Teachers as Novice Researchers."""" Australian Journal of Teacher Education 38(3): 27."""""	" This paper explores the experiences of three teachers as novice researchers as they taught full-time in a university English language school in Turkey. Viewing the participants' experiences as researchers through a narrative understanding of teacher knowledge and a critical literacy lens enhanced their critical cognisance of their positioning as women instructors in a higher education setting. Their research experiences were shaped not only by their classroom concerns but also by expectations and larger social narratives that lived beyond their classroom doors. This study focuses specifically upon English language teachers and acknowledges the intersection of gender roles and contextual constraints as complicating, and possibly constraining, the professional learning of teachers as they engage in research."""
NaN		1093	Kumtepe, E. G., et al. (2012). Where Are We Heading To? Review of Distance Science Education Research (2000-2010) - A Content-Analytic Approach.	" The major intent of this content analysis of 126 articles published in six leading journals from three distinctive fields in education is to evaluate current trends in distance science education. The specific objectives of this attempt are to explore the major research themes studied, the popular teaching and learning approaches, and research methods employed in distance science education research from 2000-2010. Major findings revealed that the number of articles published on distance science education displayed a lesser degree of publication than that of all distance related articles published in the journals examined during this period of time. Collaborative research efforts in distance science education have been more popular than solo papers and only a few studies were conducted in international contexts within these years. Distance science education research has been noticeably focused on upper grade levels, referring to high schools and colleges. Studies in this field also put more emphasis on evaluation and trends, instructional and communicational technology, learner attributes, and teaching and learning issues. Most studies employed survey and case study methodologies. Finally, three pedagogical approaches: science as inquiry-based teaching, collaborative learning, and problem-based teaching, have been widely investigated throughout this period."""
NaN		1095	"Kuper, M., et al. (2009). """"A CROP NEEDS MORE THAN A DROP: TOWARDS A NEW PRAXIS IN IRRIGATION MANAGEMENT IN NORTH AFRICA."""" Irrigation and Drainage 58: S231-S239."""""	" We designed and implemented an action-research programme in large-scale irrigation schemes in Algeria, Morocco and Tunisia, aiming to develop a regional network of competences by conducting research, training and development activities, and involving local actors. We worked on three issues: (i) the sustainability of North Africa's growing groundwater economy, (ii) the integration of environmental constraints in the management of irrigated agriculture, and(iii) the analysis of new coordination modes of agricultural production and rural development in traditionally centrally managed irrigation schemes. Based on 11 empirical studies, we contributed to operationalizing a new praxis in irrigation management  this learning-oriented and network-based approach enables mobilization of the knowledge of a wide range of actors, as well as linking local knowledge systems to more universal ones. This approach is necessary to support family-based agriculture to continue to face recurrent droughts, feed the urban and rural populations, develop rural territories and integrate the rural youth. Copyright (C) 2009 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd."""
NaN		1097	"Kupersmidt, J. B., et al. (2011). """"Development and validation of the social information processing application: A Web-based measure of social information processing patterns in elementary school-age boys."""" Psychological Assessment 23(4): 834-847."""""	" The purpose of this study was to evaluate the psychometric properties of an audio computer-assisted self-interviewing Web-based software application called the Social Information Processing Application (SIP-AP) that was designed to assess social information processing skills in boys in 3rd through 5th grades. This study included a racially and ethnically diverse sample of 244 boys ages 8 through 12 (M = 9.4) from public elementary schools in 3 states. The SIP-AP includes 8 videotaped vignettes, filmed from the first-person perspective, that depict common misunderstandings among boys. Each vignette shows a negative outcome for the victim and ambiguous intent on the part of the perpetrator. Boys responded to 16 Web-based questions representing the 5 social information processing mechanisms, after viewing each vignette. Parents and teachers completed measures assessing boys' antisocial behavior. Confirmatory factor analyses revealed that a model positing the original 5 cognitive mechanisms fit the data well when the items representing prosocial cognitions were included on their own factor, creating a 6th factor. The internal consistencies for each of the 16 individual cognitions as well as for the 6 cognitive mechanism scales were excellent. Boys with elevated scores on 5 of the 6 cognitive mechanisms exhibited more antisocial behavior than boys whose scores were not elevated. These findings highlight the need for further research on the measurement of prosocial cognitions or cognitive strengths in boys in addition to assessing cognitive deficits. Findings suggest that the SIP-AP is a reliable and valid tool for use in future research of social information processing skills in boys. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1096	"Kupersmidt, J. B., et al. (2012). """"Improving media message interpretation processing skills to promote healthy decision making about substance use: The effects of the middle school media ready curriculum."""" Journal of Health Communication 17(5): 546-563."""""	" The Media Ready Program was designed as a middle school, media literacy education, preventive intervention program to improve adolescents’ media literacy skills and reduce their intention to use alcohol or tobacco products. In a short-term efficacy trial, schools in North Carolina were randomly assigned to conditions (Media Ready: n = 214  control: n = 198). Boys in the Media Ready group reported significantly less intention to use alcohol in the future than did boys in the control group. Also, students in the Media Ready group who had used tobacco in the past reported significantly less intention to use tobacco in the future than did students in the control group who had previously used tobacco. Multilevel multiple mediation analyses suggest that the set of logical analysis Message Interpretation Processing variables mediated the program’s effect on students’ intentions to use alcohol or tobacco in the future. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1098	"Kur, E., et al. (2008). """"Teaching and learning action research: Transforming students, faculty and university in Mexico."""" Action Research 6(3): 327-349."""""	" This article describes our experience teaching action research (AR) in a Mexican graduate program. It emphasizes the challenges associated with teaching this kind of research in Mexico and illustrates ways we address those challenges. It also illustrates that a high level of personal growth often accompanies AR training and that such growth, as well as learning the 'mechanics' of AR, is significantly enhanced when faculty become deeply engaged with students during the entire learning experience. The article contributes to what is known about teaching action research in graduate university settings, specifically, about how to teach it, reasons for teaching it, and unintended consequences of teaching it. It describes problems in teaching and mastering AR competence and uses experiences in Latin America's oldest masters program in organization development to illustrate solutions. Examples from student projects demonstrate how action research coursework translates to increased student skills and simultaneously to increased effectiveness of the social systems in which the students conduct research. Finally, the article describes work that led a university to include action research training in all of its graduate programs. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1099	"Kuriyan, R., et al. (2014). """"Innovations in nutrition education and global health: the Bangalore Boston nutrition collaborative."""" Bmc Medical Education 14."""""	" Background: India has a wide range of nutrition and health problems which require professionals with appropriate skills, knowledge and trans-disciplinary collaborative abilities to influence policy making at the national and global level. Methods: The Bangalore Boston Nutrition Collaborative (BBNC) was established as collaboration between St. John's Research Institute (SJRI), Harvard School of Public Health and Tufts University, with a focus on nutrition research and training. The goals of the BBNC were to conduct an interdisciplinary course, develop web-based courses and identify promising Indian students and junior faculty for graduate training in Boston. Results: From 2010, an annual two-week short course in nutrition research methods was conducted on the SJRI campus taught by international faculty from Indian and US universities. More than 100 students applied yearly for approximately 30 positions. The course had didactic lectures in the morning and practical hands-on sessions in the afternoon. Student rating of the course was excellent and consistent across the years. The ratings on the design and conduct of the course significantly improved (p < 0.001) from 2010 to 2012. Through open-ended questions, students reported the main strengths of the course to be the excellent faculty and practical ""hands-on"""" sessions. A web based learning system TYRO, was developed, which can be used for distance learning. Four faculty members/graduate students from SJRI have visited Boston for collaborative research efforts. Conclusion: The BBNC has become a well-established capacity building and research training program for young professionals in nutrition and global health. Efforts are ongoing to secure long term funding to sustain and expand this collaboration to deliver high quality nutrition and global health education enabled by information and communication technologies."""""
NaN		1100	"Kurubacak, G. (2007). """"Identifying Research Priorities and Needs in Mobile Learning Technologies for Distance Education: A Delphi Study."""" International Journal of Teaching and Learning in Higher Education 19(3): 216-227."""""	" The main purpose of this study was to identify, categorize and rank the future research priorities and needs for mobile learning technologies. The key research inquiries were the following: (a) What are the major research issues and challenges identified by online workers for mobile learning technologies over the next ten years?, (b) What are the major research categories identified by online workers for mobile learning technologies over the next ten years?, (c) What are the major research priorities identified by online workers for mobile learning technologies over the next ten years?, and (d) What are the major research needs identified by online workers for mobile learning technologies over the next ten years? A Delphi study was used to represent a constructive communication device among a group of experts. A total of 72 participants (24 female and 48 male) were selected for participation. These experts identified top research issues and challenges, categories, priorities, and needs for mobile learning technologies. (Contains 4 tables.)"""
NaN		1101	"Kwon, S., et al. (2012). """"Developing the Community Empowered Research Training Program: Building Research Capacity for Community-Initiated and Community-Driven Research."""" Progress in Community Health Partnerships-Research Education and Action 6(1): 43-52."""""	" Health promotion practice research conducted by or in partnership with community-based organizations (CBOs) serving Asian Americans, Native Hawaiians, and Pacific Islanders (AA and NHPI) can address health disparities. Few CBOs have the tools to integrate or initiate research into their programmatic agenda. The New York University (NYU) Center for the Study of Asian American Health (CSAAH) and the Asian & Pacific Islander American Health Forum (APIAHF) created a partnership with the goal to support CBO research infrastructure development by creating the Community Empowered Research Training (CERT) program. Methods: A survey was conducted and discussions held with CBO leaders representing AA and NHPI communities to inform the development of the CERT program. Results: The majority of participants are engaged in service related research and reported interest in building their research capacity. CBOs may require help reframing how data can be collected and used to better inform programmatic activities and to address health disparities facing AA and NHPI communities. Conclusions: CBOs possess both an interest in and access to local knowledge that can inform health priorities. Findings have been applied to the CERT program to build capacity to support community-initiated/driven research to address health disparities affecting AAs and NHPIs."""
NaN		1102	"Kyza, A. E. and Y. Georgiou (2014). """"Developing In-Service Science Teachers' Ownership of the Profiles Pedagogical Framework through a Technology-Supported Participatory Design Approach to Professional Development."""" Science Education International 25(2): 21."""""	" Teacher ownership is crucial for the sustainability of science education reform efforts. This paper discusses participatory design as a bottom-up approach for promoting teachers' sense of ownership of inquiry-based learning and teaching approach as put forward by the PROFILES project. According to the prevalent argument in favor of participatory design, this approach leads to designs that are ecologically valid and attuned to different stakeholder needs. In this study, we report on the investigation of a technologically-mediated approach of participatory design of inquiry-based learning. Research questions address the teachers' perceptions of the affordances and trade-offs of the participatory design approach, and its effect on teacher design efforts and on student motivation. We collected qualitative data from 26 teachers and quantitative data from 171 high school students. Teachers reported that the process of collaborative design and the enactment of the designed module increased their ownership towards the PROFILES module. The analysis of nine chemistry teachers' discourse revealed that this process allowed them to collaborate productively, resulting in the development of a module that adopted the PROFILES 3-stage philosophy and was more aligned with their students' needs. The analysis of students' surveys indicated a statistically significant increase in motivation. These findings suggest that technologically-mediated participatory design is a valid approach for promoting teacher ownership of the PROFILES approach in science teaching."""
NaN		1103	"La Roche, M. J. and M. S. Christopher (2009). """"Changing paradigms from empirically supported treatment to evidence-based practice: A cultural perspective."""" Professional Psychology: Research and Practice 40(4): 396-402."""""	" Psychotherapy research guidelines have a profound impact on research, training, and practice, and they also influence reimbursement decisions that can have ethical and legal consequences. Furthermore, research guidelines have implications for the treatment of culturally diverse groups. Unfortunately, these implications have often been overlooked. Therefore, this article contrasts the impact of two prominent research guidelines on the development of culturally sensitive psychotherapies: (a) empirically supported treatments (ESTs) developed in 1995 by the American Psychological Association’s (APA) Division 12 (Society of Clinical Psychology  Task Force on Promotion and Dissemination of Psychological Procedures, 1995), and (b) evidence-based practice in psychology (EBPP) developed by the APA (Task Force on Promotion and Dissemination of Psychological Procedures,2006) Presidential Task Force on Evidence-Based Practice. Although overall we believe that EBPP is more responsive to the needs and characteristics of culturally diverse groups, ESTs also have many strengths. As the cultural implications of research guidelines are better understood, researchers and clinicians will be able to more effectively advance the development of culturally sensitive evidenced-based psychological treatments. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1156	"Lévesque, S. G. and P. Zanazanian (2015). """"Developing Historical Consciousness and a Community of History Practitioners: A Survey of Prospective History Teachers across Canada."""" McGill Journal of Education 50(2): 24."""""	" This paper looks at the historical consciousness of prospective history teachers in Canada. Using a bilingual online survey instrument inspired by the pan-Canadian research ""Canadians and their Pasts"""" with volunteer participants (N = 233), the study investigates their background knowledge, their perceptions of the trustworthiness of sources, their experiences in the history classroom, and their visions of school history. Results reveal that few prospective teachers have extensive knowledge of Canadian history and limited experience with active, inquiry-based teaching approaches to the past. However, a majority of them have very strong conceptions and sense of purposes regarding school history. The paper discusses the implications of this study, notably the need for professional communities of history practitioners."""""
NaN		1198	"Löwe, B., et al. (2008). """"Effectiveness of a 1-year resident training program in clinical research: A controlled before-and-after study."""" Journal of General Internal Medicine 23(2): 122-128."""""	" BACKGROUND: To increase the number of clinician scientists and to improve research skills, a number of clinical research training programs have been recently established. However, controlled studies assessing their effectiveness are lacking. OBJECTIVE: To investigate the effectiveness of a 1-year resident training program in clinical research. DESIGN: Controlled before-and-after study. The training program included a weekly class in clinical research methods, completion of a research project, and mentorship. PARTICIPANTS: Intervention subjects were 15 residents participating in the 1-year training program in clinical research. Control subjects were 22 residents not participating in the training program. MEASUREMENTS AND MAIN RESULTS: Assessments were performed at the beginning and end of the program. Outcomes included methodological research knowledge (multiple-choice progress test), self-assessed research competence, progress on publications and grant applications, and evaluation of the program using quantitative and qualitative methods. RESULTS: Intervention subjects and controls were well matched with respect to research experience (5.1±2.2 vs 5.6±5.8 years  p=.69). Methodological knowledge improved significantly more in the intervention group compared to the control group (effect size=2.5  p<.001). Similarly, self-assessed research competence increased significantly more in the intervention group (effect size= 1.1  p=.01). At the end of the program, significantly more intervention subjects compared to controls were currently writing journal articles (87% vs 36%  p=.003). The intervention subjects evaluated the training program as highly valuable for becoming independent researchers. CONCLUSIONS: A 1-year training program in clinical research can substantially increase research knowledge and productivity. The program design makes it feasible to implement in other academic settings. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1104	"Laatsch, J. and Z. Ma (2015). """"Strategies for Incorporating Climate Change into Public Forest Management."""" Journal of Forestry 113(3): 335-342."""""	" By analyzing interview and survey data from 1,640 US Department of Agriculture (USDA) Forest Service employees across three management levels, we assessed their perceptions, actions, concerns, and needs regarding incorporating climate change into managing the National Forests. We found that regional- and forest-level employees tend to think climate change presents new challenges and requires new approaches to address it, whereas on-the-ground managers tend to view it as a buzzword and want more flexibility to continue doing what they do. We found that forest managers have been engaged in conversation and thinking about climate change but few on-the-ground actions. Our study suggests a need for incorporating local staff knowledge into agency decisionmaking, establishing common ground Within the agency by promoting climate change initiatives in the context of enhancing forest resilience, providing more scale-relevant data, research, training, and guidance, and developing strategies that enable forest managers to address management challenges that interact with climate change."""
NaN		1105	"Lai, K., et al. (2015). """"Tourism problemology: Reflexivity of knowledge making."""" Annals of Tourism Research 51: 17-33."""""	" Although problems are a fundamental dynamics of tourism knowledge production, a systematic, exclusive, and in-depth study of tourism problems or tourism problemology has been overlooked. This study, which represents the first time to examine the nature of tourism problemology, aims to fill this gap. A theoretical model is developed and partially tested through a survey of 212 Chinese tourism researchers. Results show that researchers generally consider problems as difficulties or contradictions that require resolution. Moreover, personal/environmental factors influence the researchers’ understanding of problems, and such understanding further affects their evaluation and selection of problems at the early stage of research. The study highlights the significance of problems as an important, yet overlooked reflexivity of tourism knowledge production. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1106	"Laidlaw, A., et al. (2012). """"Developing research skills in medical students: AMEE Guide No. 69."""" Medical Teacher 34(9): 754-771."""""	" This Guide has been written to provide guidance for individuals involved in curriculum design who wish to develop research skills and foster the attributes in medical undergraduates that help develop research. The Guide will provoke debate on an important subject, and although written specifically with undergraduate medical education in mind, we hope that it will be of interest to all those involved with other health professionals' education. Initially, the Guide describes why research skills and its related attributes are important to those pursuing a medical career. It also explores the reasons why research skills and an ethos of research should be instilled into professionals of the future. The Guide also tries to define what these skills and attributes should be for medical students and lays out the case for providing opportunities to develop research expertise in the undergraduate curriculum. Potential methods to encourage the development of research-related attributes are explored as are some suggestions as to how research skills could be taught and assessed within already busy curricula. This publication also discusses the real and potential barriers to developing research skills in undergraduate students, and suggests strategies to overcome or circumvent these. Whilst we anticipate that this Guide will appeal to all levels of expertise in terms of student research, we hope that, through the use of case studies, we will provide practical advice to those currently developing this area within their curriculum."""
NaN		1107	"Lairmore, M. D., et al. (2007). """"Developing and fostering a dynamic program for training in veterinary pathology and clinical pathology: Veterinary students to post-graduate education."""" Journal of Veterinary Medical Education 34(4): 464-472."""""	" Recent reports project a deficiency of veterinary pathologists, indicating a need to train highly qualified veterinary pathologists, particularly in academic veterinary medicine. The need to provide high-quality research training for veterinary pathologists has been recognized by the veterinary pathology training program of the Ohio State University (OSU) since its inception. The OSU program incorporates elements of both residency training and graduate education into a unified program. This review illustrates the components and structure of the training program and reflects on future challenges in training veterinary pathologists. Key elements of the OSU program include an experienced faculty, dedicated staff, and high-quality students who have a sense of common mission. The program is supported through cultural and infrastructure support. Financial compensation, limited research funding, and attractive work environments, including work-life balance, will undoubtedly continue to be forces in the marketplace for veterinary pathologists. To remain competitive and to expand the ability to train veterinary pathologists with research skills, programs must support strong faculty members, provide appropriate infrastructure support, and seek active partnerships with private industry to expand program opportunities. Shortages of trained faculty may be partially resolved by regional cooperation to share faculty expertise or through the use of communications technology to bridge distances between programs. To foster continued interest in academic careers, training programs will need to continue to evolve and respond to trainees' needs while maintaining strong allegiances to high-quality pathology training. Work-life balance, collegial environments that foster a culture of respect for veterinary pathology, and continued efforts to reach out to veterinary students to provide opportunities to learn about the diverse careers offered in veterinary pathology will pay long-term dividends for the future of the profession."""
NaN		1108	"Lakin, J. M. and C. S. Wallace (2015). """"Assessing Dimensions of Inquiry Practice by Middle School Science Teachers Engaged in a Professional Development Program."""" Journal of Science Teacher Education 26(2): 139-162."""""	" Inquiry-based teaching promotes students' engagement in problem-solving and investigation as they learn science concepts. Current practice in science teacher education promotes the use of inquiry in the teaching of science. However, the literature suggests that many science teachers hold incomplete or incorrect conceptions of inquiry. Teachers, therefore, may believe they are providing more inquiry experiences than they are, reducing the positive impact of inquiry on science interest and skills. Given the prominence of inquiry in professional development experiences, educational evaluators need strong tools to detect intended use in the classroom. The current study focuses on the validity of assessments developed for evaluating teachers' use of inquiry strategies and classroom orientations. We explored the relationships between self-reported inquiry strategy use, preferences for inquiry, knowledge of inquiry practices, and related pedagogical content knowledge. Finally, we contrasted students' and teachers' reports of the levels of inquiry-based teaching in the classroom. Self-reports of inquiry use, especially one specific to the 5E instructional model, were useful, but should be interpreted with caution. Teachers tended to self-report higher levels of inquiry strategy use than their students perceived. Further, there were no significant correlations between either knowledge of inquiry practices or PCK and self-reported inquiry strategy use."""
NaN		1109	"Lam, A. and A. de Campos (2015). """"‘Content to be sad’ or ‘runaway apprentice’? The psychological contract and career agency of young scientists in the entrepreneurial university."""" Human Relations 68(5): 811-841."""""	" This article examines employee agency in psychological contracts by exploring how young scientists proactively shape their careers in response to unmet expectations induced by academic entrepreneurialism. It uses the lens of social exchange to examine their relationships with the professors engaged in two types of activities: collaborative research characterized by diffuse/reciprocal exchange, and commercial ventures, by restricted/negotiated exchange. These two categories show how career agency varies in orientation, form and behavioural outcome depending on the relational context within which their psychological contracts evolve. Those involved in collaborative research experienced a relational psychological contract and responded to unfulfilled career promises by ‘extended investment’ in their current jobs. They use ‘proxy agency’ by enlisting the support of their professors. However, some become ‘trapped’ in perennial temporary employment and are ‘content to be sad’. By contrast, those involved in research commercialization experienced a transactional contract and assert ‘personal agency’ by crafting their own entrepreneurial careers. They are ‘runaways’ who seek autonomy. The evidence is based on interviews with 24 doctoral/postdoctoral researchers and 16 professors from three leading UK universities. The article extends psychological contract theory by incorporating career agency and sheds new light on changing academic careers. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1110	"Lambert, C., et al. (2007). """"Entrepreneurialism and critical pedagogy: Reinventing the higher education curriculum."""" Teaching in Higher Education 12(4): 525-537."""""	" This paper presents an analysis of the ways in which UK higher education (HE) has become increasingly commercialised and commodified in the post-1980s. It critiques the strategies adopted by successive UK governments to reinvigorate the relationship between educational and economic life, and to facilitate a more corporate and entrepreneurial spirit within the academy in line with the pressures of a 'knowledge-based economy'. Arguing for a more critical exploration of teaching and learning within HE, the paper presents evidence from work carried out by the Reinvention Centre for Undergraduate Research, a Centre for Excellence in Teaching in Learning (CETL) which adopts a research-based learning approach to teaching and learning at undergraduate level. Within the context of ongoing debates surrounding the relationship between teaching, learning and research in UK HE, the paper advocates a reinvention of curriculum design through an engagement with the broader principles of critical pedagogy, and in so doing, presents a critical engagement with the commercialisation of HE. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1111	"Lambrecht, A., et al. (2012). """"Price discrimination in service industries."""" Marketing Letters 23(2): 423-438."""""	" This article outlines recent methods and applications directed at understanding the profit and consumer welfare implications of increasingly prevalent price discrimination strategies in the service sector. These industries are typically characterized by heterogeneity in consumers’ valuation and usage of the service, resale constraints, and a focus on price as the service’s key attribute. The article focuses on how firms use nonlinear pricing or bundling strategies to benefit from the heterogeneity in consumer demand. We describe the basic economic model commonly used in the literature to analyze such strategic choices and present recent methodological improvements to this benchmark. A discussion of existing applications and future research opportunities concludes the article. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1112	"Landman, A. and Z. F. Meisel (2010). """"The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Clinical Scholars Program and Emergency Medicine."""" Academic Emergency Medicine 17(4): E17-E22."""""	" P>Specialized research training for emergency physicians (EPs) may strengthen overall patient care through the development and improvement of clinical evidence in emergency care. One way an increasing number of emergency physicians have acquired these skills is through the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation Clinical Scholars Program (CSP), a 2-year fellowship that trains physicians to be leaders in improving health care. In addition to providing training in health policy and health services research, the CSP emphasizes the translation of research into action through leadership training, program development, and community-based participatory research. This article provides an in-depth look at the CSP and its impact on emergency medicine (EM). To date, 41 EPs have trained through the program, with increasing numbers in recent years. Graduates have gone on to become leaders in academia, public health, private industry, and foundations. Past and present EM-trained Clinical Scholars are working to find creative solutions for the challenges posed by the U.S. health care system and improve the delivery of emergency care. Emergency physicians who wish to conduct research or work with communities, organizations, practitioners, and policy-makers to address issues essential to the health and well-being of all Americans should consider the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation CSP."""
NaN		1113	"Landrum, T. J., et al. (2007). """"Teacher Perceptions of the Useability of Intervention Information from Personal versus Data-Based Sources."""" Education and Treatment of Children 30(4): 27-42."""""	" One prominent issue in contemporary special education is that teaching techniques found by research to be effective in improving the educational outcomes of students with disabilities are not routinely implemented. One way to enhance teachers' use of research-based practices is to disseminate information on effective teaching techniques in ways that teachers find ""useable""  that is, in a manner that enables teachers to understand how the technique can be used in their classrooms with their students. We investigated teachers' perceptions of the useability of information describing the effectiveness of reading interventions presented in two formats: data-based (emphasizing research findings) and personal (based on the personal experiences of a veteran teacher). 127 general and special education teachers attending graduate courses at two large mid-western universities participated in the study. A 2 X 2 ANCOVA indicated statistically significant effects related to (a) the covariate of teaching experience (more experienced teachers tended to feel that the information presented was less useable, regardless of format) and (b) information format (teachers rated the personal format as more useable than data-based information). Implications of these findings for how information on research-based teaching techniques is disseminated to teachers are discussed. (Contains 3 tables.)"""
NaN		1114	"Landsman, S. J., et al. (2011). Fish movement and migration studies in the Laurentian Great Lakes: Research trends and knowledge gaps."""""""" Journal of Great Lakes Research 37(2): 365-379."""""""""	" Resource management agencies in the Laurentian Great Lakes routinely conduct studies of fish movement and migration to understand the temporal and spatial distribution of fishes within and between the lakes and their tributaries. This literature has never been summarized and evaluated to identify common themes and future research opportunities. We reviewed 112 studies, published between 1952 and 2010, with the goal of summarizing existing research on the movement and migration of fishes in the Laurentian Great Lakes. The most commonly studied species were Lake Trout (Salvelinus namaycush), Walleye (Sander vitreus), and Lake Sturgeon (Acipenser fulvescens). Studies relied mainly on mark-recapture techniques with comparatively few using newer technologies such as biotelemetry, hydroacoustics, or otolith microchemistry/isotope analysis. Most movement studies addressed questions related to reproductive biology, effects of environmental factors on movement, stocking, and habitat use. Movement-related knowledge gaps were identified through the literature synthesis and a survey distributed to Great Lakes fisheries managers. Future studies on emigration/immigration of fishes through lake corridors, the dispersal of stocked fishes and of stock mixing were identified as being particularly important given their potential for developing lake- or region-wide harvest regulations and stocking strategies. The diversity of tools for studying fish movement across multiple years and various spatial scales gives researchers new abilities to address key science questions and management needs. Addressing these needs has the potential to improve upon existing fisheries management practices within the complexity of multi-jurisdictional governance in the Laurentian Great Lakes. (C) 2011 Published by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of International Association for Great Lakes Research."""
NaN		1115	"Landstrom, H., et al. (2012). """"Entrepreneurship: Exploring the knowledge base."""" Research Policy 41(7): 1154-1181."""""	" Entrepreneurship research has a long tradition and since the 1980s the field has grown significantly. In this study we identify the 'knowledge producers' who have shaped the field over time and their core entrepreneurship research works. A unique database consisting of all references in twelve entrepreneurship 'handbooks' (or state-of-the-art books) has been developed. The chapters in these handbooks were written by experts within the field, and it can be assumed that the most frequently cited references represent 'core knowledge' with relevance to entrepreneurship research. From our analysis, it appears that entrepreneurship is a rather changeable field of research, closely linked to disciplines such as 'management studies' and 'economics'. Over time, the field has become more formalized with its own core knowledge, research specialities and an increasing number of 'insider works'. However, it is still based on some fairly old theoretical frameworks imported from mainstream disciplines, although during the last decade we have seen the emergence of a number of new field-specific concepts and theories. We argue that to successfully develop entrepreneurship research in the future, we need to relate new research opportunities to earlier knowledge within the field, which calls for a stronger 'knowledge-based' focus. We would also like to see greater integration between the fields of entrepreneurship and innovation studies in the future. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1116	"Langhorst, D. M. and D. S. Svikis (2007). """"The NIH R03 Award: An Initial Funding Step for Social Work Researchers."""" Research on Social Work Practice 17(3): 417-424."""""	" Social workers in academic and agency settings have the opportunity to do funded research using the National Institutes of Health (NIH) R03 small grant mechanism designed for discrete, clearly defined projects that can be completed within a 1- to 2-year time period with limited funding. This article describes the R03 mechanism and provides a guide for the developmental steps in writing a successful grant application. It identifies the recent NIH program announcements titled ""Research on Social Work Practice and Concepts in Health"""" as an extraordinary opportunity for social work researchers seeking R03 funding. The R03 is ideal for new researchers, and the experience of one of the authors illustrates the decision-making and skill-development processes involved in submitting a successful grant proposal."""""
NaN		1117	"LaPlaca, P. J. (2010). """"Letter from the editor."""" Industrial Marketing Management 39(1): 1-4."""""	" Industrial Marketing Management(IMM) continues to bring many ideas that can help business managers improve the effectiveness and efficiency of the marketing aspects of their businesses. This issue is a special issue presenting thirteen articles that discuss how we can use case studies to advance business-to-business (B2B) marketing theory and practice. The systematic cooperation between researchers and practitioners along the ECS phases may benefit relevance through the fine tuning of reciprocal expectations, the sharing of the research experience, the multiplication of the beneficiaries of the findings granted by ECS, and the participation in the process of knowledge dissemination. In this light, the Ethnographic Case Study model supports the conclusion that methods are not only a way to theory validation but also to theory discovery. Industrial Marketing Management are again on the increase and we could use additional reviewers. IMM welcomes articles on any aspect of industrial or B2B marketing from academic researchers and marketing practitioners from around the world. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1118	"Lappas, G. (2008). """"An overview of web mining in societal benefit areas."""" Online Information Review 32(2): 179-195."""""	" Purpose - The focus of this paper is a survey of web-mining research related to areas of societal benefit. The article aims to focus particularly on web mining which may benefit societal areas by extracting new knowledge, providing support for decision making and empowering the effective management of societal issues. Design/methodology/approach - E-commerce and e-business are two fields that have been empowered by web mining, having many applications for increasing online sales and doing intelligent business. Have areas of social interest also been empowered by web mining applications? What are the current ongoing research and trends in e-services fields such as e-learning, e-government, e-politics and e-democracy? What other areas of social interest can benefit from web mining? This work will try to provide the answers by reviewing the literature for the applications and methods applied to the above fields. Findings - There is a growing interest in applications of web mining that are of social interest. This reveals that one of the current trends of web mining is toward the connection between intelligent web services and societal benefit applications, which denotes the need for interdisciplinary collaboration between researchers from various fields. Originality/value - On the one hand, this work presents to the web-mining community an overview of research opportunities in societal benefit areas. On the other hand, it presents to web researchers from various disciplines an approach for improving their web studies by considering web mining as a powerful research tool."""
NaN		1119	"Lara-Alecio, R., et al. (2012). """"The effect of an instructional intervention on middle school English learners' science and English reading achievement."""" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 49(8): 987-1011."""""	" This study examined the effect of a quasi-experimental project on fifth grade English learners’ achievement in state-mandated standards-based science and English reading assessment. A total of 166 treatment students and 80 comparison students from four randomized intermediate schools participated in the current project. The intervention consisted of on-going professional development and specific instructional science lessons with inquiry-based learning, direct and explicit vocabulary instruction, integration of reading and writing, and enrichment components including integration of technology, take-home science activities, and university scientists mentoring. Results suggested a significant and positive intervention effect in favor of the treatment students as reflected in higher performance in district-wide curriculum-based tests of science and reading and standardized tests of oral reading fluency. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1120	"Laroche, M., et al. (2012). """"The effects of social media based brand communities on brand community markers, value creation practices, brand trust and brand loyalty."""" Computers in Human Behavior 28(5): 1755-1767."""""	" Social media based brand communities are communities initiated on the platform of social media. In this article, we explore whether brand communities based on social media (a special type of online brand communities) have positive effects on the main community elements and value creation practices in the communities as well as on brand trust and brand loyalty. A survey based empirical study with 441 respondents was conducted. The results of structural equation modeling show that brand communities established on social media have positive effects on community markers (i.e., shared consciousness, shared rituals and traditions, and obligations to society), which have positive effects on value creation practices (i.e., social networking, community engagement, impressions management, and brand use). Such communities could enhance brand loyalty through brand use and impression management practices. We show that brand trust has a full mediating role in converting value creation practices into brand loyalty. Implications for practice and future research opportunities are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1121	"Lau, A. K. W. (2011). """"Critical success factors in managing modular production design: Six company case studies in Hong Kong, China, and Singapore."""" Journal of Engineering and Technology Management 28(3): 168-183."""""	" Many researchers have explored the advantages of modular product design, its design methods and its effects on product performance. Modular design is, for example, required for product platform, mass customization and postponement in order to achieve greater product variety and differentiation. However, a few empirical studies explicitly examine how to coordinate modular product design in a managerial way. This paper addresses it by conducting multiple case studies with six companies which have successfully adopted modular product design for five years. Seven critical factors are explored in the management of modular product design. These are pre-defined product advantage, selectively used design rules, module definition, system integration, technological newness, internal communication, and supplier and customer involvement. While most of the literature studies the technical dimension of modular design within a firm, this study focuses on the managerial side across the supply chain. It gives new insights on how to manage modular product design and proposes future research opportunities. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1122	"Lau, J. M. and D. L. Robinson (2009). """"Effectiveness of a Cloning and Sequencing Exercise on Student Learning with Subsequent Publication in the National Center for Biotechnology Information GenBank."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 8(4): 326-337."""""	" With rapid advances in biotechnology and molecular biology, instructors are challenged to not only provide undergraduate students with hands-on experiences in these disciplines but also to engage them in the ""real-world"""" scientific process. Two common topics covered in biotechnology or molecular biology courses are gene-cloning and bioinformatics, but to provide students with a continuous laboratory-based research experience in these techniques is difficult. To meet these challenges, we have partnered with Bio-Rad Laboratories in the development of the """"Cloning and Sequencing Explorer Series,"""" which combines wet-lab experiences (e.g., DNA extraction, polymerase chain reaction, ligation, transformation, and restriction digestion) with bioinformatics analysis (e.g., evaluation of DNA sequence quality, sequence editing, Basic Local Alignment Search Tool searches, contig construction, intron identification, and six-frame translation) to produce a sequence publishable in the National Center for Biotechnology Information GenBank. This 6- to 8-wk project-based exercise focuses on a pivotal gene of glycolysis (glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase), in which students isolate, sequence, and characterize the gene from a plant species or cultivar not yet published in GenBank. Student achievement was evaluated using pre-, mid-, and final-test assessments, as well as with a survey to assess student perceptions. Student confidence with basic laboratory techniques and knowledge of bioinformatics tools were significantly increased upon completion of this hands-on exercise."""""
NaN		1123	"Lau, W. W. F., et al. (2016). """"The use of wikis in a science inquiry-based project in a primary school."""" Educational Technology Research and Development."""""	" This study explored the use of wikis in a science inquiry-based project conducted with Primary 6 students (aged 11–12). It used an online wiki-based platform called PBworks and addressed the following research questions: (1) What are students’ attitudes toward learning with wikis? (2) What are students’ interactions in online group collaboration with wikis? (3) What have students learned with wikis in a science inquiry-based project in a primary school context? Analyses of the quantitative and qualitative data showed that with respect to the first research question, the students held positive attitudes toward the platform at the end of the study. With respect to the second research question, the students actively engaged in various forms of learning-related interactions using the platform that extended to more meaningful offline interactions. With respect to the third research question, the students developed Internet search skills, collaborative problem solving competencies, and critical inquiry abilities. It is concluded that a well-planned wiki-based learning experience, framed within an inquiry project-based approach facilitated by students’ online collaborative knowledge construction, is conducive to the learning and teaching of science inquiry-based projects in primary school. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1124	"Laufman, L. (2009). """"Making the invisible visible: Professional education to eliminate disparities in clinical trials."""" Journal of Cancer Education 24: S56-S59."""""	" It is important to remember the basic organizational and behavioral principles that (1) we cannot address problems of which we are unaware, and (2) knowledge alone is never enough to create change. Meaningful change requires commitment at both institutional and individual levels. Using the EDICT Policy Recommendations together with the Clinical Trials BackPack and CLAS-ACT resources will enable clinical research training programs to (1) increase awareness of clinical trials disparities, (2) provide professional education about how to increase recruitment and retention of underrepresented groups, and (3) actually implement concrete activities that can change the face of clinical trials research. By doing so, perhaps it will not require another 50 years to eliminate disparities in clinical trials."""
NaN		1125	"Laughlin, A., et al. (2010). """"Combining Service Learning and Research Partnering With Schools."""" Nurse Educator 35(5): 188-191."""""	" Providing service and research experiences for nursing students is a challenge. The authors discuss a partnership with local parochial schools in which nursing students presented health information and collected data. Through this partnership, families and school personnel gained knowledge of health promotion behaviors, and nursing students were involved in a service-learning and research project."""
NaN		1127	"Laursen, S. L., et al. (2016). """"Implementation and Outcomes of Inquiry-Based Learning in Mathematics Content Courses for Pre-Service Teachers."""" International Journal of Mathematical Education in Science and Technology 47(2): 256-275."""""	" This mixed-methods study describes classroom characteristics and student outcomes from university mathematics courses that are based in mathematics departments, targeted to future pre-tertiary teachers, and taught with inquiry-based learning (IBL) approaches. The study focused on three two-term sequences taught at two research universities, separately targeting elementary and secondary pre-service teachers. Classroom observation established that the courses were taught with student-centred methods that were comparable to those used in IBL courses for students in mathematics-intensive fields at the same institutions. To measure pre-service teachers' gains in mathematical knowledge for teaching, we administered the Learning Mathematics for Teaching (LMT) instrument developed by Hill, Ball and Schilling for in-service teacher professional development. Results from the LMT show that pre-service teachers made significant score gains from beginning to end of their course, while data from interviews and from surveys of learning gains show that pre-service teachers viewed their gains as relevant to their future teaching work. Measured changes on pre-/post-surveys of attitudes and beliefs were generally supportive of learning mathematics but modest in magnitude. The study is distinctive in applying the LMT to document pre-service teachers' growth in mathematical knowledge for teaching. The study also suggests IBL is an approach well suited to mathematics departments seeking to strengthen their pre-service teacher preparation offerings in ways consistent with research-based recommendations."""
NaN		1126	"Laursen, S., et al. (2012). """"Learning, Teaching and Scholarship: Fundamental Tensions of Undergraduate Research."""" Change: The Magazine of Higher Learning 44(2): 30-37."""""	" Each year, thousands of undergraduates in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields conduct research in US university and college laboratories. Such undergraduate research (UR) experiences are common practice in US higher education, with nearly a century of history at research universities and liberal arts colleges. Crucial in defining UR experiences is the apprenticeship of the novice researcher to an experienced scientist. A growing body of evidence indicates that apprentice-model undergraduate research does indeed offer many benefits to students in the short and longer term. Research experiences can powerfully shape students' knowledge, confidence, and readiness for careers and graduate education, whether in science or another field. These good outcomes for students are crafted by research advisors who supervise students' work and guide their development. Investigating an authentic scientific problem using real disciplinary tools motivates and gives intellectual significance to the investigation "" it also offers a limitless supply of teachable moments that skilled advisors can exploit for their deep educational value. But doing """"real science"""" also exposes a fundamental tension inherent to undergraduate research: Is it at heart an educational endeavor for students or a scholarly endeavor for faculty? In this article, the authors explore this fundamental tension between education and scholarship in undergraduate research and how it plays out for students, faculty, and institutions. (Contains 2 figures and 5 resources.)"""""
NaN		1128	"Lavagnino, M., et al. (2015). """"Tendon Mechanobiology: Current Knowledge and Future Research Opportunities."""" Journal of Orthopaedic Research 33(6): 813-822."""""	" Tendons mainly function as load-bearing tissues in the muscloskeletal system  transmitting loads from muscle to bone. Tendons are dynamic structures that respond to the magnitude, direction, frequency, and duration of physiologic as well as pathologic mechanical loads via complex interactions between cellular pathways and the highly specialized extracellular matrix. This paper reviews the evolution and current knowledge of mechanobiology in tendon development, homeostasis, disease, and repair. In addition, we review several novel mechanotransduction pathways that have been identified recently in other tissues and cell types, providing potential research opportunities in the field of tendon mechanobiology. We also highlight current methods, models, and technologies being used in a wide variety of mechanobiology research that could be investigated in the context of their potential applicability for answering some of the fundamental unanswered questions in this field. The article concludes with a review of the major questions and future goals discussed during the recent ORS/ISMMS New Frontiers in Tendon Research Conference held on September 10 and 11, 2014 in New York City. (c) 2015 Orthopaedic Research Society. Published by Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Orthop Res 33:813-822, 2015."""
NaN		1129	"Lawrence, J. H., et al. (2014). """"To Stay or Not to Stay: Retention of Asian International Faculty in STEM Fields."""" Higher Education: The International Journal of Higher Education and Educational Planning 67(5): 511-531."""""	" The present study identifies characteristics of individuals and work settings that influence Asian international faculty members' intentions to continue their employment in US research universities. Given the demand for researchers in science, technology, engineering and mathematics fields (STEM), the higher rate of turnover among untenured faculty, and the replacement costs associated with turnover in STEM, the sample is limited to assistant professors employed in these areas. Multinomial regression analyses are conducted to identify variables that ""pull"""" and """"push"""" uncertain faculty toward intentions stay and leave their current institutions. The results suggest that faculty who are more satisfied with time available for research and those who express stronger organizational commitment are more likely to say they will stay. Those dissatisfied with the fairness of work evaluations and believe tenure decisions are not merit-based, are more likely to say they will leave."""""
NaN		1130	"Lawrie, G. A., et al. (2016). """"Wiki Laboratory Notebooks: Supporting Student Learning in Collaborative Inquiry-Based Laboratory Experiments."""" Journal of Science Education and Technology 25(3): 394-409."""""	" Recent examples of high-impact teaching practices in the undergraduate chemistry laboratory that include course-based undergraduate research experiences and inquiry-based experiments require new approaches to assessing individual student learning outcomes. Instructors require tools and strategies that can provide them with insight into individual student contributions to collaborative group/teamwork throughout the processes of experimental design, data analysis, display and communication of their outcomes in relation to their research question(s). Traditional assessments in the form of laboratory notebooks or experimental reports provide limited insight into the processes of collaborative inquiry-based activities. A wiki environment offers a collaborative domain that can potentially support collaborative laboratory processes and scientific record keeping. In this study, the effectiveness of the wiki in supporting laboratory learning and assessment has been evaluated through analysis of the content and histories for three consenting, participating groups of students. The conversational framework has been applied to map the relationships between the instructor, tutor, students and laboratory activities. Analytics that have been applied to the wiki platform include: character counts, page views, edits, timelines and the extent and nature of the contribution by each student to the wiki. Student perceptions of both the role and the impact of the wiki on their experiences and processes have also been collected. Evidence has emerged from this study that the wiki environment has enhanced co-construction of understanding of both the experimental process and subsequent communication of outcomes and data. A number of features are identified to support success in the use of the wiki platform for laboratory notebooks."""
NaN		1131	"Lazarus, J. V., et al. (2010). """"Improving African health research capacity."""" Scandinavian Journal of Public Health 38(6): 670-671."""""	" The issue of strengthening local research capacity in Africa is again high on the health and development agenda. The latest initiative comes from the Wellcome Trust. But when it comes to capacity development, one of the chief obstacles that health sectors in the region must confront is the migration of health professionals to countries that offer more lucrative opportunities, like those in western Europe. To combat this 'brain drain', already back in 1984, the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (Sida) created a training programme in which healthcare professionals from Africa conducted the bulk of their research in their own countries. However, the model was only partly successful. Several years ago, we assessed the preconditions for the renewal of Sida support for research and research training activities in the region. Based on our work to develop a critical mass of beneficial research capacity in the countries of sub-Saharan Africa, this article suggests several recommendations to both donors and governments that have broad application for general health research issues in the region. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1133	"Leach, M. J., et al. (2016). """"The impact of research education on student nurse attitude, skill and uptake of evidence‐based practice: A descriptive longitudinal survey."""" Journal of Clinical Nursing 25(1-2): 194-203."""""	" Aims and Objectives: To measure the impact of an undergraduate research education program on the attitude, skill and uptake of evidence‐based practice among undergraduate student nurses. Background: The contribution of evidence‐based practice to clinical decision‐making, quality of care and patient outcomes is well‐documented. One approach to improving evidence‐based practice uptake in clinical practice is through the provision of undergraduate research education  notwithstanding, the impact of research training on nursing practice is poorly established. Design: Descriptive longitudinal survey. Methods: Three hundred and fifty four third‐year nursing students enrolled in a Bachelor of Nursing program of a large Australian University were invited. Pre‐ (Phase 1) and post‐completion (Phase 2) of a 16‐week research education program, participants were asked to complete the Evidence‐Based Practice Attitude and Utilization Survey  an 82‐item online questionnaire measuring attitudes, skills and use of evidence‐based practice, and barriers and facilitators of evidence‐based practice uptake. Results: The survey was completed by 84 (24%) participants in Phase 1 and 33 (39% of Phase 1) participants in Phase 2. Program exposure resulted in a significant improvement in median skill and use subscores, but not median attitude subscore. Participants perceived inadequate skills in the interpretation, appraisal and application of research findings to clinical practice as being less of a barrier to evidence‐based practice uptake posteducation, and access to online critical appraisal tools as being significantly more useful in facilitating evidence‐based practice uptake posteducation. Conclusions: The findings suggest that undergraduate research education may have a significant effect on nursing students' research skills and use of evidence‐based practice, and minimise barriers to evidence‐based practice uptake posteducation. Relevance to clinical practice: Undergraduate research education may play an important role in improving student nurse uptake of evidence‐based practice  whether these changes can be sustained when transitioning from student nurse to registered nurse is a question for further research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1132	"Leach, M. J., et al. (2016). """"The impact of research education on student nurse attitude, skill and uptake of evidence-based practice: a descriptive longitudinal survey."""" Journal of Clinical Nursing 25(1-2): 194-203."""""	" Aims and Objectives. To measure the impact of an undergraduate research education program on the attitude, skill and uptake of evidence-based practice among undergraduate student nurses. Background. The contribution of evidence-based practice to clinical decision-making, quality of care and patient outcomes is well-documented. One approach to improving evidence-based practice uptake in clinical practice is through the provision of undergraduate research education  notwithstanding, the impact of research training on nursing practice is poorly established. Design. Descriptive longitudinal survey. Methods. Three hundred and fifty four third-year nursing students enrolled in a Bachelor of Nursing program of a large Australian University were invited. Pre-(Phase 1) and post-completion (Phase 2) of a 16-week research education program, participants were asked to complete the Evidence-Based Practice Attitude and Utilization Survey  an 82-item online questionnaire measuring attitudes, skills and use of evidence-based practice, and barriers and facilitators of evidence-based practice uptake. Results. The survey was completed by 84 (24%) participants in Phase 1 and 33 (39% of Phase 1) participants in Phase 2. Program exposure resulted in a significant improvement in median skill and use subscores, but not median attitude subscore. Participants perceived inadequate skills in the interpretation, appraisal and application of research findings to clinical practice as being less of a barrier to evidence-based practice uptake posteducation, and access to online critical appraisal tools as being significantly more useful in facilitating evidence-based practice uptake posteducation. Conclusions. The findings suggest that undergraduate research education may have a significant effect on nursing students' research skills and use of evidence-based practice, and minimise barriers to evidence-based practice uptake posteducation. Relevance to clinical practice. Undergraduate research education may play an important role in improving student nurse uptake of evidence-based practice  whether these changes can be sustained when transitioning from student nurse to registered nurse is a question for further research."""
NaN		1134	"Leat, D. and A. Reid (2012). """"Exploring the Role of Student Researchers in the Process of Curriculum Development."""" Curriculum Journal 23(2): 189-205."""""	" Contemporary interest in student voice has evolved to include participation of ""students as researchers"""" in school affairs, which has been encouraged by political developments underpinning the rights of children. Although there has been little exploration of the role of student researchers in curriculum development, this paper provides a case study of their role in a Knowledge Transfer Partnership involving a secondary school in England working on developing enquiry-based learning. We use Basil Bernstein's concept of framing and Clarke and Hollingsworth's model of teacher professional learning to explore the dimensions of consequence when teachers start the process of pedagogic and curriculum innovation. There is considerable evidence of an impact on relationships between students and teachers and it is argued that this is an important lens through which to understand the role of student researchers. (Contains 1 figure.)"""""
NaN		1135	"Leatherdale, S. T., et al. (2007). """"The tobacco control community of tomorrow - A vision for training."""" Canadian Journal of Public Health-Revue Canadienne De Sante Publique 98(1): 30-32."""""	" Objective: Current and emerging public health challenges require a new approach to research training. The purpose of the CIHR-Strategic Training Program in Tobacco Research (STPTR) is to equip the next generation of scientific leaders with the knowledge, skills and experiences that will enhance their ability to conduct tobacco research that will have a positive impact on the health of the population. Participants: Graduate students or post-doctoral fellows from any university in Canada who are working with a STPTR Mentor in the broad area of tobacco control. Setting: Mentors at three universities: University of British Columbia, University of Toronto, and University of Waterloo. Intervention: The STPTR currently has four elements: a video course linking STPTR trainees and mentors across universities  an annual meeting  stipend awards that free CIHR STPTR fellows to concentrate on research  and personal, cross-disciplinary research mentoring. Outcomes: Feedback solicited from current and past trainees at the three-year point of the program suggests that there are four key value-added benefits associated with being a trainee in the STPTR: transdisciplinary connectedness, community building, capacity building, and exposure. Conclusion: Feedback from trainees at different stages in their training experience, different academic institutions, and different academic disciplines will inform the ongoing framing of the STPTR and may inform future training programs in other disciplines of chronic disease prevention, health promotion, and the emerging science of population-level intervention."""
NaN		1136	"Lechago, S. A., et al. (2009). """"Recommendations for recruiting and managing undergraduate research assistants."""" the Behavior Therapist 32(6): 120-122."""""	" Undergraduate students are often integral to the execution of behavioral research. Their assistance can range from data entry and library research to conducting sessions and data analysis. Through their involvement, undergraduate students can acquire valuable skills, learn firsthand about the research process, make important contacts with faculty members and graduate students, and earn letters of recommendation for employment and graduate school. Recruiting and maintaining a strong team of undergraduate research assistants is vital to the execution of research. We hope the system described in this article, which has proven useful to our former undergraduate students and their graduate-student supervisors, will provide junior faculty members and graduate students who find themselves in the position of executing these tasks a clear and helpful guide to successfully achieving this goal. However, the system described in this article was developed in the context of a specific psychology department, research lab, and group of researchers. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1137	"Ledford, G. E., Jr., et al. (2016). """"Aligning research and the current practice of performance management."""" Industrial and Organizational Psychology: Perspectives on Science and Practice 9(2): 253-260."""""	" Comments on an article by Seymour Adler et al. (see record [rid]2016-33183-004[/rid]). The debate over eliminating performance ratings addressesmany important theoretical and practical issues. However, the academic debate on the topic is disconnected from the concerns of practitioners. Knowledge gained from theory-driven research is not leading practice on the use of performance ratings, despite the large volume of potentially relevant research findings.Many organizations are charging ahead with performance management solutions that seem sensible to them. Theymay be interested in academic research, but they are not waiting for it.We will argue that academic researchers who hope to influence practice need to better understand the concerns of practitioners and the research opportunities that are presented by contemporary practice. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1138	"Lee, A. and R. Murray (2015). """"Supervising writing: Helping postgraduate students develop as researchers."""" Innovations in Education and Teaching International 52(5): 558-570."""""	" Research and enquiry skills are increasingly required of students at all levels of the higher education curriculum, and this requires a sophisticated pedagogical response. The question is: how can we integrate current knowledge about academic writing with current knowledge about supervision? This article integrates different approaches to writing with an established theory of supervision to develop a new model for supervising the writing component of the doctoral curriculum. Theory-driven and research-based, the original model integrated five different approaches, that is, functional, enculturation, critical thinking, emancipation and relationship development and offered a way forward that has been used in many supervisor development programmes. The adaptation offered here provides a new framework for supervising writing that integrates different approaches and draws on a range of literature and research. It could help supervisors to recognise, choose from and combine the approaches to supervising writing that are available. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1139	"Lee, C. K. and M. Shea (2016). """"An Analysis of Pre-Service Elementary Teachers' Understanding of Inquiry-Based Science Teaching."""" Science Education International 27(2): 217-237."""""	" This study examines how pre-service elementary teachers (PSETs) view inquiry-based science learning and teaching, and how the science methods course builds their confidence to teach inquiry science. Most PSETs think that inquiry is asking students questions rather than a formal set of pedagogical tools. In the present study, three groups of PSETs (n = 14, 20, 20) were included. For each group, pretest and posttest attitudes and knowledge base were assessed using a 32 item questionnaire combining twenty-six Likert-type and six open-ended questions as well as half-hour semi-structured one-on-one interviews. Results from the pretest questionnaires showed that most PSETs had simplistic views of inquiry-based teaching. The instructor was able to modify the science methods course (the intervention phase) to focus on the concepts of science-based inquiry teaching that were shown to be lacking in the PSETs' knowledge base. The analysis of the post-test questionnaire showed significant increase on 17 of the 26 Likert-type questions reflecting increases in PSETs' understanding of inquiry-based teaching. The study shows PSETs' understanding of inquiry-based science teaching is a key step to build their confidence and efficacy of teaching science."""
NaN		1140	"Lee, G. and S. Metcalf (2009). """"Building research capacity: Through a hospital-based clinical school of nursing."""" Nurse Education Today 29(3): 350-356."""""	" For clinical nurses and nursing academics wishing to participate in research, there are several logistical issues such as high workloads, tack of time and poor research skills and knowledge that can impede research being undertaken. To address these issues, La Trobe University in partnership with one of Melbourne's acute care hospitals developed a clinical school with the aim of delivering postgraduate courses and undertaking collaborative clinically focused nursing research. Clinical issues were identified jointly between university academics and clinical nursing staff. Research questions were developed to examine these issues with the clinical school staff facilitating the research process. Research has been undertaken in many specialty areas including emergency, cardiac and intensive care nursing and diabetes. The success of this collaboration is evident with many studies being undertaken and consequently dissemination of research findings published (with clinicians being the primary author on many papers), presentations at national and international conferences by clinical staff as well as an increased enrolment into masters and doctoral programmes. The presence of the clinical. school at the hospital has been beneficial both to clinicians and nurse academics and resulted in developing a positive research environment. More importantly, the research has led to changes in patient care and enabled clinicians to gain research experience and further academic qualifications. The other benefit is that nurse academics have strengthened their working relationship with clinicians and ensured visible research outputs were achieved. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1141	"Lee, J., et al. (2014). """"The effect of change in organizational identity on knowledge creation by mobile R&D workers in M&As."""" Journal of Organizational Change Management 27(1): 41-58."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between change in organizational identity and knowledge creation of mobile research and development (R & D) workers by combining the literature on human mobility and mergers and acquisitions (M & As). Design/methodology/approach: Negative binomial regression was used to test the hypotheses, based on knowledge creation of 410 mobile R & D workers in 75 high-technology M & As. Findings: The findings showed that while a change in organizational identity after M & As decreased the knowledge creation by R & D workers who moved before M&As, a higher degree of human capital in mobile R&D workers could increase knowledge creation after M & As. A moderating effect of the change in organizational identity on the relationship between knowledge creation and human capital of mobile R & D workers was also found. Research limitations/implications: This paper augmented the research opportunity on the organizational change and knowledge creation during an M & A by combining study of individual-level human mobility during firm-level M & As, suggesting change in organizational identity affects knowledge creation of mobile R & D workers. A limitation of this study is the focus of human capital accumulated in the prior company before movement. Practical implications: The study suggests that managers intending to acquire knowledge through human mobility and M & As must implement post-mergers activities such as structural integration with care. Originality/value: Much of the literature on human mobility has focused on knowledge creation after movement, regardless of the changes that may occur in of focal dyadic companies during M & As. The paper might be one of the first studies of knowledge creation of mobile R&D workers within the context of M & As. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1142	"Lee, K. A., et al. (2014). """"Animating Research with Counseling Values: A Training Model to Address the Research-to-Practice Gap."""" Professional Counselor 4(4): 303-315."""""	" The persistent research-to-practice gap poses a problem for counselor education. The gap may be caused by conflicts between the humanistic values that guide much of counseling and the values that guide research training. In this article, the authors address historical concerns regarding research training for students and the conducting of research by faculty, and report on an effective research education model animated with values that guide clinical, supervisory and pedagogical identities within counselor education."""
NaN		1143	"Lee, K. C., et al. (2010). """"Evaluation of research training and productivity among junior pharmacy practice faculty in the United States."""" Journal of Pharmacy Practice 23(6): 553-559."""""	" Objective: To evaluate the extent of research training and productivity among junior faculty in US schools of pharmacy. Methods: A cross-sectional survey study was conducted to characterize junior faculty’s (a) research training and productivity, (b) perceived ability to meet research demands, (c) confidence and resources for research, and (d) interest in receiving further research training. Main Results: Surveys were completed by 349 faculty members (36.7% response). More than 60% completed a pharmacy practice residency and fewer than 15% completed a fellowship. Respondents reported lack of formal training in most research skills during their postgraduate training. Most reported that they are able to meet the teaching, clinical, and service expectations of their departments  however, fewer than half believed that they are able to meet the research expectations. Conclusions: Study respondents reported lack of adequate research training during their postgraduate experiences and current faculty positions. Confidence among faculty to conduct research was also low compared to their confidence to fulfill other expectations of their position. Adequate preparation of current and future academicians is critical to ensuring the success and retention of faculty in the United States. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1144	"Lee, L. and J. Goodman (2009). """"Traversing the Challenges of Conducting Research with Young, Immigrant Children: The Case of Korean Children."""" Interchange: A Quarterly Review of Education 40(2): 225-244."""""	" Based on a qualitative study on young Korean immigrant children's interpretation of American popular culture, this paper reflects on the researchers' role by examining the research challenges faced. Prior to discussing the research obstacles in conducting the study, we begin with briefly describing its methodology and design. Next, we discuss the various obstacles we encountered when conducting our study and how we attempted to overcome these dilemmas by discussing two major struggles during the research process: a) the relationships between the researchers and our young participants, and b) the cultural sensitivity that was needed in initially gaining permission from and working with the parents of our informants. It then illuminates how the researchers attempted to cope with such difficulties by rethinking a researcher's role emphasizing the importance of cultural context in research. Finally, the paper provides some discussions and implications based on our research experiences."""
NaN		1145	"Lee, L. S., et al. (2012). """"Clinical and Translational Scientist Career Success: Metrics for Evaluation."""" Cts-Clinical and Translational Science 5(5): 400-407."""""	" Despite the increased emphasis on formal training in clinical and translational research and the growth in the number and scope of training programs over the past decade, the impact of training on research productivity and career success has yet to be fully evaluated at the institutional level. In this article, the Education Evaluation Working Group of the Clinical and Translational Science Award Consortium introduces selected metrics and methods associated with the assessment of key factors that affect research career success. The goals in providing this information are to encourage more consistent data collection across training sites, to foster more rigorous and systematic exploration of factors associated with career success, and to help address previously identified difficulties in program evaluation. Clin Trans Sci 2012  Volume 5: 400407"""
NaN		1146	"Lee, S. Y. T. and C. W. Phang (2015). """"Leveraging social media for electronic commerce in Asia: Research areas and opportunities."""" Electronic Commerce Research and Applications 14(3): 145-149."""""	" The last decade has seen phenomenal growth of electronic commerce in Asia. An important driving force has been the parallel rise of social media, enabling pervasive interactions among consumers and between consumers and firms. This article provides an overview of the current state of development of social media in Asia. We also survey the literature on social media that has been produced by authors in this region. The research covers a variety of topics and issues, including: user behavior with social media, the impacts of social media, and the issues arising from its use. It also identifies a number of future research opportunities that fall into these areas. The Asia region is filled with high potential for promising research regarding how social media may be leveraged for e-commerce. This article calls for more research attention to be given to social media-related e-commerce research, and the discovery of new knowledge related to the connections between social media and e-commerce that are unique to the Asia region. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1147	"Lee, Y.-J. (2015). """"Developing iPad-Based Physics Simulations That Can Help People Learn Newtonian Physics Concepts."""" Journal of Computers in Mathematics and Science Teaching 34(3): 299-325."""""	" The aims of this study are: (1) to develop iPad-based computer simulations called iSimPhysics that can help people learn Newtonian physics concepts  and (2) to assess its educational benefits and pedagogical usefulness. To facilitate learning, iSimPhysics visualizes abstract physics concepts, and allows for conducting a series of computer simulations implementing inquiry cycle and model progression approaches. To promote learners' motivation, iSimPhysics adopts various game mechanics in its learning tasks. To assess educational benefits and usefulness of iSimPhysics, selected questions from Force Concept Inventory (FCI) and Pedagogically Meaningful Learning Questionnaire (PMLQ) were administered before and after 17 graduate students used iSimPhysics. Paired t-tests indicate that students were able to solve more FCI problems (p < 0.01, ES = 2.28) and to provide more correct explanations (p < 0.01, ES = 1.19) after using iSimPhysics. Students' responses to PMLQ questions indicate that inquiry-based learning activities in iSimPhysics were helpful for them to learn target Newtonian physics concepts. The findings of this study may suggest that iPad-based computer simulations providing appropriate instructional scaffolding (e.g., visualization, inquiry cycle and model progression) can be an effective learning tool for physics (and possibly other science) concepts"""
NaN		1148	"Lei, S. A. and N.-K. Chuang (2009). """"Undergraduate Research Assistantship: A Comparison of Benefits and Costs from Faculty and Students' Perspectives."""" Education 130(2): 232-240."""""	" Conducting and publishing original research under close supervision of a faculty mentor is a valuable experience for undergraduate students regardless of their academic discipline. However, limited space, funding, and resources, along with large numbers of undergraduate students preclude requiring all students to participate in one-on-one research opportunities with faculty at many academic institutions. In an effort to offer research experience to many interested, qualified undergraduates, some departments have established research teams, while other students are required or strongly encouraged to enroll in a formal research-based course as their culminating academic activity prior to graduation. In either case, a cost/benefit analysis has indicated that benefits clearly outweighing the costs of research projects. The purpose of this article is to compare benefits and costs of undergraduate research assistantship from faculty and student's perspectives. (Contains 5 tables.)"""
NaN		1149	"Leigh, J. (2012). """"Review of Effective action research: Developing reflective thinking and practice."""" Educational Research and Evaluation 18(4): 395-396."""""	" Reviews the book, Effective Action Research: Developing Reflective Thinking and Practice by Patrick Costello (2011). The emphasis of this book is purportedly about undertaking effective action research in the context of developing reflective thinking and practice. The enhancing of such skills as critical thinking and reasoned argument as well as the developing of reflective thinking and practice are promised. Costello says that his emphasis is on 'the practice of action research' and the 'development of reflective thinking and practice'. Although Costello based his examples on the field of education, he states that his work is relevant to those in other fields including management, archaeology, engineering, and culture studies. The book is divided into 10 chapters and starts by outlining basic characteristics of research and comparing definitions of Action Research (AR). As a concise generic guide to undergraduate research projects with a focus on educational fieldwork, this book does quite well. It provides a brief, introductory guide to aspects of formulating a research project. In general, This book does not deliver what it promises as it is less about Action Research and reflective thinking and more about how to conduct an educational research project. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1150	"Leitch, S. (2016). """"New Zealand needs a Practice Based Research Network."""" Journal of Primary Health Care 8(1): 9-12."""""	" Practice Based Research Networks (PBRNs) are groups of general practices collaborating to produce research. Contemporary New Zealand health information technology systems are ideal for electronic data extraction for PBRN research. Stakeholders have a valuable, but typically underutilised, part to play in research. Development of an e-participation platform will facilitate stakeholder engagement. New Zealand is in a unique position to create an innovative, low cost, stakeholder-engaged PBRN. This type of PBRN would offer unparalleled research opportunities, and would strengthen New Zealand's general practice research capacity. The more research information we have based on our New Zealand population, the more appropriate care we can provide. Establishing a stakeholder-engaged PBRN in New Zealand will promote and support transformational change within our health system. In June 2015 I had the privilege of attending the annual Practice Based Research Network (PBRN) Conference held in Bethesda, near Washington D.C. The conference is hosted by the North American Primary Care Research Group and the United States (US) Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality. In this article I draw on the knowledge I gained at that conference and discuss its translation to New Zealand."""
NaN		1151	"Leitner, W. W., et al. (2012). """"Role of immune cell subsets in the establishment of vector-borne infections."""" European Journal of Immunology 42(12): 3110-3115."""""	" Many of the pathogens responsible for diseases that result in both economic and global health burdens are transmitted by arthropod vectors in the course of a blood meal. In the past, these vectors were viewed mainly as simple delivery vehicles but the appreciation of the role that factors in the saliva of vectors play during pathogen transmission is increasing. Vector saliva proteins alter numerous physiological events in the skin  in addition, potent immunomodulatory properties are attributed to arthropod saliva. The description of specific factors responsible for these activities and their mechanisms of action have thus far remained mostly anecdotal. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) sponsored a workshop in May 2012 to explore novel approaches aimed at identifying how vector saliva components affect the function of various immune cell subsets and the subsequent impact on the transmission of vector-borne pathogens. Such knowledge could guide the development of novel drugs, vaccines and other strategies to block the transmission of vector-borne pathogens. This meeting report summarizes the discussions of the gaps/challenges which represent attractive research opportunities with significant translational potential."""
NaN		1152	"Leonard, J. C., et al. (2012). """"A Qualitative Assessment of Factors That Influence Emergency Medical Services Partnerships in Prehospital Research."""" Academic Emergency Medicine 19(2): 161-173."""""	" Objectives: Recent efforts to increase emergency medical services (EMS) prehospital research productivity by focusing on reducing systems-related barriers to research participation have had limited effect. The objective of this study was to explore the barriers and motivators to participating in research at the agency and provider levels and to solicit suggestions for improving the success of prehospital research projects. Methods: The authors conducted a qualitative exploratory study of EMS personnel using focus group and focused interview methodology. EMS personnel affiliated with the Pediatric Emergency Care Applied Research Network (PECARN) hospitals were selected for participation using a purposive sampling plan. Exploratory questioning identified identified factors that influence participation in research and suggestions for ensuring successful research partnerships. Through iterative coding and analysis, the factors and suggestions that emerged from the data were organized into a behavioral change planning model. Results: Fourteen focus groups were conducted, involving 88 EMS prehospital providers from 11 agencies. Thirty-five in-depth interviews with EMS administrators and researchers were also conducted. This sample was representative of prehospital personnel servicing the PECARN catchment area and was sufficient for analytical saturation. From the transcripts, the authors identified 17 barriers and 12 motivators to EMS personnel participation in research. Central to these data were patient safety, clarity of research purpose, benefits, liability, professionalism, research training, communication with the research team, reputation, administrators support, and organizational culture. Interviewees also made 29 suggestions for increasing EMS personnel participation in research. During data analysis, the PRECEDE/PROCEED planning model was chosen for behavioral change to organize the data. Important to this model, factors and suggestions were mapped into those that predispose (knowledge, attitudes, and beliefs), reinforce (social support and norms), and/or enable (organizational) the participation in prehospital research. Conclusions: This study identified factors that influence the participation of EMS personnel in research and gathered suggestions for improvement. These findings were organized into the PRECEDE/PROCEED planning model that may help researchers successfully plan, implement, and complete prehospital research projects. The authors provide guidance to improve the research process including directly involving EMS providers throughout, a strong theme that emerged from the data. Future work is needed to determine the validity of this model and to assess if these findings are generalizable across prehospital settings other than those affiliated with PECARN."""
NaN		1153	"Leonard, M. and E. Fennema (2008). """"The Wisconsin-Spencer Doctoral Research Program: An Evaluation."""" Teachers College Record 110(7): 1379-1396."""""	" Background/Context: At a time when educational research is recognized as capable of improving teaching and learning, it is under attack for falling short of this promise. Part of the solution lies in improving the preparation of educational researchers. Toward this goal, the UW-Madison School of Education (SOE) participated with the Spencer Foundation in developing a model program now called the Wisconsin-Spencer Doctoral Research Program. The program endeavored to educate selected students in interdisciplinary research and, as a result, indirectly affect the structure of doctoral education in participating departments. Purpose/Objective/Research Question/Focus of Study: The Spencer Foundation announced that its funding would end in 2007, requiring the SOE to make decisions about continuing the DRP and about doctoral education more generally. Therefore, the dean requested an extensive evaluation of the program's impact. The resulting study analyzed faculty members' and student fellows' assessments of the DRP's contribution to graduate education. Setting: Research was conducted at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Population/Participants/Subjects: The study included three populations: SOE faculty members on campus in 2001-2002 (n = 85), fellows admitted to DRP in 1997-2001 (n = 46), and fellows who had received their PhDs (n = 9). Thirty-four percent of faculty, 85% of fellows, and 100% of graduates participated. Intervention/Program/Practice: The DRP's guiding principles were interdisciplinarity (literacy in/respect for diverse inquiry approaches), methodological rigor, theoretical orientation, concern with practice, and research experience. The program was implemented through key components: 4 years' funding for five fellows, professional expense funds, fall and spring proseminars, advanced research seminar, systematic training in methods/theory, mentor committee, annual progress reporting, participation in research, presentation of research, and community. Research Design: We evaluated the DRP's effectiveness in a case study approach that included both qualitative and quantitative data. Data Collection and Analysis: Data collection included surveys (with Likert, multiple-choice, and open-ended items) of faculty and fellows, and semistructured interviews of faculty with key roles in the program and fellows who had graduated. Findings/Results: The DRP was at least partially effective in achieving its goals. Students and faculty shared positive views of funding and the interdisciplinary focus, and there was some evidence of changes in departmental programs. Challenges included the top-down implementation approach taken in a faculty-governed institution and attempting to change departments with a student-focused program. Conclusions/Recommendations: This study raises questions about the DRP's development and implementation, but it concludes that the DRP provided a good educational experience for many fellows, changed some faculty members' beliefs, and acted as a catalyst and an opportunity to seriously consider graduate education for the 21st century."""
NaN		1154	"Leon-Beck, M. and J. Dodick (2012). """"Exposing the Challenges and Coping Strategies of Field-Ecology Graduate Students."""" International Journal of Science Education 34(16): 2455-2481."""""	" In this paper, we expose the unique challenges confronting graduate field-ecology students and the coping strategies they adopt to overcome such challenges. To do so, we used a qualitative (in vivo) research method that combines interviews, observations and open questionnaires with a group of five Israeli graduate students. The two major challenges that the students faced were the uncontrolled nature of field research (or complexity), and the nature of field setting, which isolated the students from authoritative guidance. In response to these challenges, the students developed a set of research skills which were expressed in this study by a series of three (metacognitive) strategies which we designated as 'protocol-dominated', 'intermediate' or 'field-dominated'. In order to develop such research skills, our subjects rely upon declarative and procedural knowledge. In contrast to declarative knowledge, learned in coursework, procedural knowledge is learned and activated via the situated experience of implementing research in authentic field environments. We also found that fieldwork complexity imposes itself the minute the students step into the field  potentially, this can negatively impact students' motivation. However, as the students accumulate field experience and acquire the knowledge and skills needed to overcome the field's complexity, their motivation improves. Recognizing the unique learning components connected to field research will help novice students better cope with fieldwork challenges, as well as help their advisers in guiding them. This work also has implications for designing inquiry curricula in field sciences for university and high-school students."""
NaN		1155	"Letina, A. (2016). """"Effectiveness of Inquiry-Based Science and Social Studies Teaching in the Development of Students' Scientific Competence."""" Croatian Journal of Education-Hrvatski Casopis Za Odgoj I Obrazovanje 18(3): 665-696."""""	" Inquiry-based teaching involves a purposeful and organized process of learning, where students, with their own activity and exploration, construct new knowledge concepts and develop a number of cognitive and practical skills. The aim of this study was to determine whether there is a relationship between inquiry-based Science and Social Studies teaching and the development of students' scientific competence. For this purpose, an experimental survey with parallel groups in primary schools in Zagreb and Zagreb County was conducted, with fourth-grade students (N=333) being the participants in this research. The results of this research show that inquiry-based teaching produces much better development of students' scientific competence than do traditional teaching methods. Students who were part of the experimental group, and who were taught according to this teaching strategy achieved notably better results at all levels of science competence tests. Based on these results, it can be concluded that the use of inquiry-based teaching in Science and Social Studies classes is necessary and recommended because of its distinctly positive effects on the development of students' competences. Therefore, it is necessary to include this teaching strategy in the structure of the new primary school curriculum."""
NaN		1157	"Levin, C. (2007). """"Who should become a psychoanalyst?"""" Canadian Journal of Psychoanalysis / Revue Canadienne de Psychanalyse 15(2): 324-331."""""	" I am skeptical of the prophylactic benefits of screening candidates on psychological grounds. I am well aware that certain kinds of defensive organization make it very difficult to do analysis. But the attempt to judge in advance whether these contraindicated factors are present-and if present, whether or not they are analyzable-is likely to be a hit-and miss affair, often reflecting little more than the biases of the interviewers, perpetuating our self-serving assumptions about what kind of persona an analyst should have. The most realistic purpose of the intake interviews is to get a sense of the quality of the individual's desire to become an analyst. This can be assessed much more confidently than whether the applicant is actually capable of becoming an analyst. The limitations of the selection process are distressing, but I think they would be less so if we really felt that the psychoanalytic training actually on offer were good enough to bring about the kinds of emotional experience, and the modifications of character, that feed the process of becoming an analyst, which is a lifelong project. The question 'Who should become a training analyst?' is not only a question for institutes, but also for the psychoanalytic societies to which these institutes should be answerable. Problems of psychoanalytic training are fundamental and should concern all analysts, as we have begun to see recently on the issue of supervision. Societies and institutes need to be organizing seminars, conferences, and even yearly retreats, where research, experience, and opinion on such matters as the curriculum can be discussed and reconsidered. The specificity and radicality of psychoanalysis have a significant impact on candidate selection. A candidate's prior field of work is not a discriminating factor. This implies that in the selection process we take into consideration something very different from intellectual knowledge itself, such as familiarity with Freudian texts, or an impressive CV, a scholarly or a medical background. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1158	"Levine-Rasky, C. (2009). """"The Public Poster Session."""" Teaching Sociology 37(3): 309-316."""""	" This note describes the use of a student poster session as an innovative approach to student learning. The local context for the assignment is provided, followed by a description of the course for which the poster was prepared, details about the assignment including its evaluation, and practical considerations for planning a poster session. The pedagogical approach from which this assignment emerges is known as Inquiry-Based Learning (IBL). The author concludes that the benefits of the public poster session are numerous. Students learn to make decisions about how to assemble information for visual communication, a significantly different process than preparing an essay. Producing a poster entirely electronically equips students with a valuable skill that still seems to be rare even among seasoned conference presenters. It ensures a professional caliber of work that is eye-catching and impressive. (Contains 1 table.)"""
NaN		1159	"Levy, B. L., et al. (2013). """"Examining Studies of Inquiry-Based Learning in Three Fields of Education: Sparking Generative Conversation."""" Journal of Teacher Education 64(5): 387-408."""""	" Many educational researchers across the United States have found that inquiry-based learning (IBL) supports the development of deep, meaningful content knowledge. However, integrating IBL into classroom practice has been challenging, in part because of contrasting conceptualizations and practices across educational fields. In this article, we (a) describe differing conceptions of IBL, (b) summarize our own studies of IBL in three fields of education, (c) compare and contrast the processes and purposes of IBL in our studies and fields, and (d) suggest numerous opportunities for cross-disciplinary collaborations on IBL curriculum, teaching, and research that could bolster its inclusion in K-12 education. We ground our exploration in knowledge-generating conceptualizations and practices in these fields."""
NaN		1160	"Levy, P. and R. Petrulis (2012). """"How Do First-Year University Students Experience Inquiry and Research, and What Are the Implications for the Practice of Inquiry-Based Learning?"""" Studies in Higher Education 37(1): 85-101."""""	" First-year undergraduates on degree programmes in the arts, humanities and social sciences were found by this qualitative study to experience inquiry and research in four distinct ways. Research as ""gathering information"""" and """"exploring others' ideas"""" was associated with learning by engaging independently with a knowledge base. Research as """"evidencing and developing students' own ideas"""" and """"making discoveries"""" was associated with an emergent sense of participation in knowledge-building, understood as the potential to bring something personal or new to an area of study. Students described opportunities to frame their own lines of inquiry, and inquiry experiences with an open-ended, knowledge-building orientation, as especially empowering in their intellectual and personal development. They also highlighted their need for support in carrying out research and inquiry. The authors present a conceptual framework for inquiry-based learning that was developed on the basis of this study, and that has been found useful for pedagogical design and research/evaluation. (Contains 1 figure.)"""""
NaN		1161	"Lewis, D. I. (2011). """"Enhancing Student Employability through Ethics-Based Outreach Activities and Open Educational Resources."""" Bioscience Education 18: 3."""""	" This paper reports on how science communication final year undergraduate research projects and educational internships can be utilised to provide opportunities for students to develop and utilise key employability skills. In the current difficult economic climate, the report ""Working towards your future: Making the most of your time in higher education"""", jointly produced by the Confederation of British Industry and the National Union of Students (CBI and NUS, 2011), recommended that universities increase the employability of their graduates by providing opportunities, both within and outside of the taught curriculum, for their students to develop key employability skills. This paper discusses how the Faculty of Biological Sciences at the University of Leeds has used ethics-themed final year science communication projects and undergraduate educational internships in order to provide opportunities for students both to develop, and have evidence of, utilising these key skills."""""
NaN		1162	"Lewis, J., et al. (2016). """"Where next for the reproducibility agenda in computational biology?"""" Bmc Systems Biology 10."""""	" Background: The concept of reproducibility is a foundation of the scientific method. With the arrival of fast and powerful computers over the last few decades, there has been an explosion of results based on complex computational analyses and simulations. The reproducibility of these results has been addressed mainly in terms of exact replicability or numerical equivalence, ignoring the wider issue of the reproducibility of conclusions through equivalent, extended or alternative methods. Results: We use case studies from our own research experience to illustrate how concepts of reproducibility might be applied in computational biology. Several fields have developed 'minimum information' checklists to support the full reporting of computational simulations, analyses and results, and standardised data formats and model description languages can facilitate the use of multiple systems to address the same research question. We note the importance of defining the key features of a result to be reproduced, and the expected agreement between original and subsequent results. Dynamic, updatable tools for publishing methods and results are becoming increasingly common, but sometimes come at the cost of clear communication. In general, the reproducibility of computational research is improving but would benefit from additional resources and incentives. Conclusions: We conclude with a series of linked recommendations for improving reproducibility in computational biology through communication, policy, education and research practice. More reproducible research will lead to higher quality conclusions, deeper understanding and more valuable knowledge."""
NaN		1163	"Lewis, M. (2010). """"In and Out of the Field."""" Journal of Urban History 36(1): 68-80."""""	" In this article I describe and discuss my attempt to design an entire course around a shared class project of conducting applied local environmental history research leading to an online book. Although I am an environmental historian, this course draws heavily on urban history as well. I start with the concrete details of my current course design, followed by some reflections on my previous attempts at teaching this course. Ultimately, I believe that both urban and environmental history courses would benefit from attempting to get our students into the field and conducting local research that links physical places to written documents and narratives. This provides the students the opportunity to connect history with physical places that they can visit and experience. We would be remiss if we did not use this inherent advantage that we have as urban and/or environmental historians. Through this ""field history,"""" we can reach students and teach them how to truly engage in the practice and art of history."""""
NaN		1164	"Lewis, S. E., et al. (2009). """"Attitude Counts: Self-Concept and Success in General Chemistry."""" Journal of Chemical Education 86(6): 744-749."""""	" General chemistry is a required first step for students who wish to pursue a career in science or health professions. The course often has low rates of student success and as a result serves as a gateway limiting access to science fields. This study seeks to better understand factors that are related to student success in general chemistry by focusing on the affective domain, in this case students' self-concept, or self-evaluation of ability as it pertains to a specific field of study. First, a profile of students' self-concept in the general chemistry setting is created. Next, the relationship between self-concept and success in the course is investigated, including examining the role of self-concept after taking into account a cognitive measure (SAT scores). This study is unique in that evidence is found for the impact of self-concept after taking into account a cognitive measure. Finally, the effect of a semester-long, inquiry-oriented learning environment on students' self-concept is described. Suggested interventions to improve student self-concept are also discussed. (Contains 5 tables.)"""
NaN		1165	"Li, B. Z. and R. M. Yao (2012). """"Building energy efficiency for sustainable development in China: challenges and opportunities."""" Building Research and Information 40(4): 417-431."""""	" Rapid urbanization in China has resulted in great demands for energy, resources and pressure on the environment. The progress in China's development is considered in the context of energy efficiency in the built environment, including policy, technology and implementation. The key research challenges and opportunities are identified for delivering a low-carbon built environment. The barriers include the existing traditional sequential design process, the lack of integrated approaches and insufficient socio-technical knowledge. A proposed conceptual systemic model of an integrated approach identifies research opportunities. The organization of research activities should be initiated, operated and managed in a collaborative way among policy-makers, professionals, researchers and stakeholders. More emphasis is needed on integrating social, economic and environmental impacts in the short, medium and long terms. An ideal opportunity exists for China to develop its own expertise, not merely in a technical sense but in terms of vision and intellectual leadership in order to flourish in global collaborations."""
NaN		1166	Li, C. J., et al. (2012). Nutrients and Epigenetics in Bovine Cells.	" Research in epigenomics, especially nutrigenomics, is still in its infancy regarding farm animals. Nutrigenomics, as an extension of epigenomics, explores the effects of nutrients on the genome, the activity of genes, expression of the proteome and metabolome, and epigenetics. In cattle, short-chain fatty acids (SCFAs) are common and important nutrients. It also represents one definitive example of the nutrient-epigenetic-phenotype relationship. Butyrate induces modification of histones and changes several biological processes in bovine cells. These processes include cellular differentiation, cell cycle arrest, and apoptosis. Butyrate also has been found to regulate transcriptional activities of bovine cells. In this chapter, we exam the biological effects of SCFAs, especially the butyrate, and the underlying mechanisms of SCFAs affecting cellular functions, such as histone acetylation and gene regulation. We believe that this is a great research opportunity and exploring this area will provide a better understanding of the role of dietary components in changing epigenetic patterns and certainly will have important impacts on functional genomic research in bovines and in the farm animal industry."""
NaN		1168	"Li, Q., et al. (2009). """"Using Videoconferencing to Provide Mentorship in Inquiry-Based Urban and Rural Secondary Classrooms."""" Canadian Journal of Learning and Technology 35(3): 22."""""	" The main purpose of this design-based research study is to examine the effects of an inquiry-based learning environment, with the support of videoconferencing, on both rural and urban secondary students' mathematics and science learning. An important aspect of this learning environment is the use of videoconferencing to connect classes with mathematicians/scientists (as e-mentors). Specifically, the following two research questions guide this study: (1) In what ways, if any, does the inquiry-based learning environment impact student beliefs and learning outcomes? (2) What challenges emerge in the development of an inquiry-based learning environment with secondary students in both rural and urban schools? Using a mixed methods approach, this study focuses on two grade 9 classes in an urban school and three Grade 8 classes in a rural school. The results suggest positive effects of this learning environment on student learning of math and science. In particular, both urban and rural students showed significant gains in their achievement. In addition, students showed an increased interest and heightened confidence in math and science. As well, the results point to issues arising from the process, suggesting useful guidelines for the development of such environments. (Contains 5 tables and 1 footnote.)"""
NaN		1167	"Li, Q., et al. (2015). """"Cultural Differences and User Instructions: Effects of a Culturally Adapted Manual Structure on Western and Chinese Users."""" Technical Communication 62(3): 163-182."""""	" Purpose: Research shows that Western and Chinese technical communicators structure their documents in different ways. The research reported in this article is a first attempt to systematically explore the effects cultural adaptations of user instructions have on users. Specifically, we investigate whether Western (from Europe and North America) and Chinese (from the People's Republic of China) users would benefit from a document structure that is theoretically assumed to reflect their cultural preferences. Method: Using the SDL Trados Studio 2014 translation software package, a 2x2 experiment (N=80) was conducted with manual structure (Western versus Chinese) and cultural background (Western versus Chinese) as independent variables. The Chinese and Western manual structures were based on the literature on cultural differences between Western and Chinese technical communication. Dependent variables were task performance, knowledge, and appreciation of the software and the user instructions. Results: Contrary to our expectations, no significant differences were found between the conditions. Both Western and Chinese participants performed equally well and were equally appreciative when using the Western and Chinese manual structure. Conclusion: The results of our study raise questions about the validity and/or the relevance of the current insights regarding cultural differences in the structures of user instructions. Cultural differences found in content analytic research may reflect the habits of technical communicators rather than the preferences of users. However, caution is needed in interpreting our findings, as our research experiences also raised a number of methodological issues that must be addressed in future research."""
NaN		1169	"Liao, Z. L., et al. (2012). """"Adaptation methodology of CBR for environmental emergency preparedness system based on an Improved Genetic Algorithm."""" Expert Systems with Applications 39(8): 7029-7040."""""	" Emergency preparedness enables us to effectively handle sudden environmental events. In previous research, we have proposed to develop environmental emergency preparedness systems employing Case-Based Reasoning (CBR) technology, though developing such a CBR system has been stifled by a deficiency of cases and difficulties of case adaptation. In this paper, an Improved Genetic Algorithm (IGA) is put forward to resolve the issue of adaptability, and thus simultaneously overcoming the deficiency of cases. First we introduce the Frame method, which creates a case representation in accordance with the characteristics of, for instance, a sudden chemical leakage event and the system's preparedness for treating this case. Then we present the principle of genetic algorithm (GA) for case adaptation. Next, we introduce an Improved Genetic Algorithm (IGA) that achieves case adaptation in the CBR system. The IGA overcomes simplex GA (SGA)'s defects including premature and slow convergence rate, and also enhances search efficiency for globally optimal solutions. The IGA employs technologies including the Multi-Factor Integrated Fitness Function, the Multi-Parameter Cascade Code method, the Small Section method for generation of an initial population, and Niche technology for genetic operations including selection, crossover, and mutation. The results of SGA and IGA performance testing are also presented. A prototype CBR-IGA environmental emergency preparedness system is developed and introduced, and its applicability is tested using a hypothetical ammonia leakage emergency in one district of Shanghai. The results indicate that the proposed IGA methodology can resolve the adaptation issue and expand the case base effectively in CBR systems for environmental emergency preparedness. Future research opportunities are discussed, including the potential to combine CBR. GA, and Back Propagation-Artificial Neural Network (BP-ANN) to alleviate additional challenges, such as the ""speed and accuracy"""" of environmental emergency response. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""""
NaN		1170	"Liira, H., et al. (2016). """"Encouraging primary care research: evaluation of a one-year, doctoral clinical epidemiology research course."""" Scandinavian Journal of Primary Health Care 34(1): 89-96."""""	" Objective: Research and PhDs are relatively rare in family medicine and primary care. To promote research, regular one-year research courses for primary care professionals with a focus on clinical epidemiology were started. This study explores the academic outcomes of the first four cohorts of research courses and surveys the participants' perspectives on the research course. Design: An electronic survey was sent to the research course participants. All peer-reviewed scientific papers published by these students were retrieved by literature searches in PubMed. Setting: Primary care in Finland. Subjects: A total of 46 research course participants who had finished the research courses between 2007 and 2012. Results: Of the 46 participants 29 were physicians, eight nurses, three dentists, four physiotherapists, and two nutritionists. By the end of 2014, 28 of the 46 participants (61%) had published 79 papers indexed in PubMed and seven students (15%) had completed a PhD. The participants stated that the course taught them critical thinking, and provided basic research knowledge, inspiration, and fruitful networks for research. Conclusion: A one-year, multi-professional, clinical epidemiology based research course appeared to be successful in encouraging primary care research as measured by research publications and networking. Activating teaching methods, encouraging focus on own research planning, and support from peers and tutors helped the participants to embark on research projects that resulted in PhDs for 15% of the participants."""
NaN		1171	"Lilley, E. C. H. and J. L. Silberg (2013). """"The Mid-Atlantic Twin Registry, Revisited."""" Twin Research and Human Genetics 16(1): 424-428."""""	" The Mid-Atlantic Twin Registry (MATR) is a population-based registry of more than 56,000 twins primarily born or living in Virginia, North Carolina, and South Carolina. The MATR employs several methods of ascertaining twins, and devotes considerable resources to tracking and maintaining communication with MATR participants. Researchers may utilize the MATR for administration of research services including study recruitment, collection of DNA, archival data set creation, as well as data collection through mailed, phone, or online surveys. In addition, the MATR houses the MATR Repository, with over 1,200 blood samples available for researchers interested in DNA genotyping. For over 35 years MATR twins have participated in research studies with investigators from diverse scientific disciplines and various institutions. These studies, which have resulted in numerous publications, have covered a range of topics, including the human microbiome, developmental psychopathology, depression, anxiety, substance use, epigenetics of aging, children of twins, pre-term birth, social attitudes, seizures, eating disorders, as well as sleep homeostasis. Researchers interested in utilizing twins are encouraged to contact the MATR to discuss potential research opportunities."""
NaN		1172	"Lim, C. P., et al. (2015). """"Development of Pre-Service Teachers' Information and Communication Technology (ICT) in Education Competencies in a Mainland Chinese University."""" Educational Media International 52(1): 15-32."""""	" This paper examines how the design and implementation of a core teacher education course develops pre-service teachers' information communication technology (ICT) in education competencies in a mainland Chinese university. This course adopted a four-component instructional design system to develop its curriculum, incorporated an inquiry-based learning approach to develop pre-service teachers' pedagogical competencies, and used an online learning platform to facilitate the sharing of experiences of using ICT for teaching and learning. This case study demonstrates that innovative pedagogies together with more relevant course content supported by an online learning platform may enhance the effectiveness of a core ICT in education course."""
NaN		1173	"Limberg, L., et al. (2008). """"What matters? Shaping meaningful learning through teaching information literacy 1."""" Libri 58(2): 82-91."""""	" The point of departure for this article is an assumed gap between the different communities concerned with the practices of teaching or researching information literacy. Its purpose is to discuss some critical features of teaching information literacy identified in three previous research studies with a view toward understanding how they support meaningful learning outcomes and what the implications of this understanding are for information literacy education. The analysis is framed by a sociocultural perspective of learning that views information seeking and learning as social practices set within the discursive practice of school. The findings indicate that teacher/student interaction with a focus on learning goals and content is a vital condition for students' meaningful learning. Focus on the object of teaching, away from information seeking skills toward an emphasis on the quality of students' research questions, on negotiating learning goals between pedagogues and students, and on the critical evaluation of information sources related to the knowledge contents of students' assignments improves learning. The conclusions are that observing such critical features of information literacy in teaching may allow the discursive practice of school to be reshaped in favour of more genuine research-based learning. A second conclusion is that there are mutual benefits in a closer interaction between the communities of teaching and researching information literacy."""
NaN		1174	"Lin, L.-F., et al. (2012). """"The Role of Computer Simulation in an Inquiry-Based Learning Environment: Reconstructing Geological Events as Geologists."""" Journal of Science Education and Technology 21(3): 370-383."""""	" Several researchers have investigated the effects of computer simulations on students' learning. However, few have focused on how simulations with authentic contexts influences students' inquiry skills. Therefore, for the purposes of this study, we developed a computer simulation (FossilSim) embedded in an authentic inquiry lesson. FossilSim integrated data from real field investigations with geological laws for identifying the sequence of geological events. Data were collected from two experiments to examine ninth graders' abilities for reconstructing a sequence of geological events with the aid of FossilSim. The sample groups in Experiments 1 and 2 were 58 and 11 ninth graders, respectively. The results indicated that the authentic inquiry lesson promoted the development of students' inquiry skills. In addition, FossilSim played a key role in engaging students to apply geological laws, make multi-scale observations, and clarify their ideas about geological time."""
NaN		1175	"Lindo, J. L. M., et al. (2013). """"Shaping the research experiences of graduate students using action research."""" Nurse Education Today 33(12): 1557-1562."""""	" Background: Nursing research capacity is often not optimal in developing countries. Capacity building at the graduate nurse level presents an opportunity for improved research output. Students pursuing a research methods course at a nursing school in Jamaica expressed fear and anxiety towards the course. Action research was used to address this fear and improve learning outcomes. Objective: To determine attitudes towards research and to improve the experience of graduate students pursuing a research methods course at a nursing school in Jamaica. Methods: Students (n = 44) registered in the Research Methods course of the MScN at a nursing school in Kingston, Jamaica for the academic year 2010/2011, were invited to participate: Each student was assigned a main supervisor and an alternate supervisor and all had equal access to the course leader and content. On completion of the course three focus group discussions of 10-14 students per group were conducted to determine how students felt about the course experience and their attitude towards the course. Results: Thirty-seven students (mean age of 41.4 +/- 1.5 years  94% female) participated in the exploratory course evaluation exercise. The participants reported that they entered research methods with feelings of apprehension and anxiety. However, these fears were allayed by a combination of factors including interest in students' welfare, affirmation of students, respect for and understanding of students' needs and resourcefulness, and the use of a panel of experts. Barriers included faculty's unrealistic expectations of students' research competencies and the limited time in which to learn and apply concepts. While students thought the course as challenging they felt more confident that they could be successful on completion of the course. Conclusion: Significant improvement in attitudes to research was realized among graduate nursing students using action research at an urban school of nursing in Jamaica. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1176	"Lindqvist, O. and C. Tishelman (2016). """"Going public: reflections on developing the DoBra research program for health-promoting palliative care in Sweden."""" Progress in Palliative Care 24(1): 19-24."""""	" Introduction: Public health approaches to end-of-life (EoL) research and care are relatively rare in Sweden, and health-promoting palliative care (HPPC) remains a foreign concept for most. We recently consolidated our HPPC endeavors into a cohesive research program, DoBra, to promote constructive change and awareness to support better quality of life and death among the general population, in specific sub-groups, and in interventions directed to professional groups caring for dying individuals, their friends and families. Objectives: In this article, we aim to share ideas, experiences, and reflections from the early stages of this research program, particularly in relation to how we try to work with new 'publics', to contribute to the development of HPPC as a new research field. Methods and Results: We discuss some considerations which arise in the Swedish context, and present the underlying ideas and approaches used in the research program, with examples of their application. HPPC, based on ideas from new public health, is essential as an umbrella for the DoBra program. Action research, experience-based co-design, and knowledge exchange, all aim to bring together a variety of stakeholders to exchange ideas and expertise, and co-create experience-based evidence through knowledge generation, dissemination, and sharing. Discussion: In reflecting on what we have learned about publics and partnerships in EoL research to date, we question distinctions made between professionals and publics, concluding that including publics in public health research, means also including ourselves and making public many of the reflections, the mistakes, and the experiences we all have, to foster collective learning."""
NaN		1177	"Linenberger, K., et al. (2014). """"Training the Foot Soldiers of Inquiry: Development and Evaluation of a Graduate Teaching Assistant Learning Community."""" Journal of College Science Teaching 44(1): 97-107."""""	" As part of a Howard Hughes Program for Innovation in Science Education grant at Iowa State University, a series of interdisciplinary graduate teaching assistant learning communities (TALC) were developed. The purpose of these communities was to create an environment to facilitate teaching assistants' pedagogical development and training to enhance the implementation of inquiry experiences in the undergraduate laboratories. The TALC evaluated in this study were held for two consecutive semesters and included teaching assistants who facilitated multiweek course based research experiences in their respective STEM courses.Topics discussed during the TALC were based on the teaching assistants' concerns related to teaching this type of course. Evaluation consisted of weekly reflection responses, a pre- and postsurvey of instructional methods they consider to facilitate inquiry, pre-post definitions of inquiry-based instruction, and end-of-semester evaluations of the learning community experiences. This article outlines the development of the TALC and findings from the various forms of evaluation."""
NaN		1178	"Link, T., et al. (2014). """"On the relation between the mental number line and arithmetic competencies."""" The Quarterly Journal of Experimental Psychology 67(8): 1597-1613."""""	" In this study, we aimed at investigating whether it is indeed the spatial magnitude representation that links number line estimation performance to other basic numerical and arithmetic competencies. Therefore, estimations of 45 fourth-graders in both a bounded and a new unbounded number line estimation task (with only a start-point and a unit given) were correlated with their performance in a variety of tasks including addition, subtraction, and number magnitude comparison. Assuming that both number line tasks assess the same underlying mental number line representation, unbounded number line estimation should also be associated with other basic numerical and arithmetic competencies. However, results indicated that children's estimation performance in the bounded but not the unbounded number line estimation task was correlated significantly with numerical and arithmetic competencies. We conclude that unbounded and bounded number line estimation tasks do not assess the same underlying spatial–numerical representation. Rather, the observed association between bounded number line estimation and numerical/arithmetic competencies may be driven by additional numerical processes (e.g., proportion judgement, addition/subtraction) recruited to solve the task. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1179	"Lipschultz, J. H., et al. (2007). """"Organizing the Baby Boomer Construct: An Exploration of Marketing, Social Systems, and Culture."""" Educational Gerontology 33(9): 759-773."""""	" Baby boomer trends are applied in the development of a conceptual framework that offers a social systems and cultural model for future studies. While there has been considerable recent attention paid to baby boomers, the studies lack a coherent theoretical base that would allow for more advanced and continuing research. Aging baby boomers heading into retirement present excellent research opportunities for scholars. (Contains 1 figure.)"""
NaN		1180	"Lips-Wiersma, M. and S. Wright (2012). """"Measuring the meaning of meaningful work: Development and validation of the Comprehensive Meaningful Work Scale (CMWS)."""" Group & Organization Management 37(5): 655-685."""""	" In this article we build on two in-depth qualitative studies to systematically develop and validate a comprehensive measure of meaningful work. This scale provides a multidimensional, process-oriented measure of meaningful work that captures the complexity of the construct. It measures the dimensions of 'developing the inner self'  'unity with others'  'serving others' and 'expressing full potential' and the dynamic tensions between these through items on 'being versus doing' and 'self versus others.' The scale also measures inspiration and it’s relationship to the existential need to be real and grounded. Exploratory and confirmatory factor analyses using multicultural samples from a broad range of occupations provide construct validity for the measure. Future research opportunities on the basis of our measure are outlined. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1181	"Litmanen, T., et al. (2012). """"Capturing teacher students’ emotional experiences in context: Does inquiry-based learning make a difference?"""" Instructional Science 40(6): 1083-1101."""""	" In the present study teacher students’ contextual learning experiences were examined longitudinally in authentic study environments using the contextual activity sampling system, a means of mobile-supported experience sampling. The students’ (n = 9) experiences were first recorded during a 2 week period in their first year of study. The same measurements were repeated again for a 2 week follow-up in the second year, accompanied by interviews before and after the follow-up. The first year of study consisted mostly of lectures and ordinary small-group work, whereas the second measurement period ran parallel to the completion of an intensive inquiry-based project, which was the focus of the present study. A multivariate analysis of variance revealed that studying during the inquiry-based period produced stronger experiences of being challenged as well as negative affects than the teacher-centered period. The participants’ experiences of competence, commitment and positive affects did not differ during the two periods. However, interview data indicated that the participants enjoyed the inquiry-based period and that the work was intensive. Contextual data and interviews were also used to describe students’ experiences during one particular study session during the inquiry-based project. The results suggest that negative affects may be an essential part of the process of gradually learning to take responsibility for both individual and collaborative learning processes. Possibilities for using experience-sampling methods to analyze collaborative learning are also discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1182	"Littenberg-Tobias, J., et al. (2016). """"To customize or not to customize? Exploring science teacher customization in an online lesson portal."""" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 53(3): 349-367."""""	" New technologies are increasingly giving science teachers the ability to access and customize science lessons. However, there is substantial debate in the literature about whether and under what conditions teacher customization benefit student learning. In this study, we examined teacher customization of inquiry-based science lessons from an online lesson portal. We found that students who completed teacher-customized lessons had greater improvements in science content understanding than students who completed non-customized lessons. To expand upon this finding, we examined four case studies of teachers who made significant numbers of modifications to lessons: three high performers (with increases in student achievement ranging from 64th to 97th percentile) and one low performer (7th percentile). We found that high performing teachers modified lessons to include opportunities for students to revisit their predictions, engage in different learning modalities, and make deeper connections between scientific concepts. Changes made by the low performing teacher reduced the quality of the lesson, for example, asking students to predict results without sufficient context or information. These findings suggest that teacher customization can improve the quality of inquiry-based science lessons, but that some teachers may require additional training and support to achieve the benefits of customization. (c) 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Res Sci Teach 53: 349-367, 2016"""
NaN		1183	"Liu, A., et al. (2014). """"Patterns and correlates of PrEP drug detection among MSM and transgender women in the Global iPrEx Study."""" JAIDS Journal of Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndromes 67(5): 528-537."""""	" Background: Adherence to pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) is critical for efficacy. Antiretroviral concentrations are an objective measure of PrEP use and correlate with efficacy. Understanding patterns and correlates of drug detection can identify populations at risk for nonadherence and inform design of PrEP adherence interventions. Methods: Blood antiretroviral concentrations were assessed among active arm participants in iPrEx, a randomized placebo-controlled trial of emtricitabine/tenofovir in men who have sex with men and transgender women in 6 countries. We evaluated rates and correlates of drug detection among a random sample of 470 participants at week 8 and a longitudinal cohort of 303 participants through 72 weeks of follow-up. Results: Overall, 55% of participants (95% confidence interval: 49 to 60) tested at week 8 had drug detected. Drug detection was associated with older age and varied by study site. In longitudinal analysis, 31% never had drug detected, 30% always had drug detected, and 39% had an inconsistent pattern. Overall detection rates declined over time. Drug detection at some or all visits was associated with older age, indices of sexual risk, including condomless receptive anal sex, and responding 'don’t know' to a question about belief of PrEP efficacy (0–10 scale). Conclusions: Distinct patterns of study product use were identified, with a significant proportion demonstrating no drug detection at any visit. Research literacy may explain greater drug detection among populations having greater research experience, such as older men who have sex with men in the United States. Greater drug detection among those reporting highest risk sexual practices is expected to increase the impact and cost-effectiveness of PrEP. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1184	"Liu, C. C. and C. W. Chung (2007). """"Detecting mouse movement with repeated visit patterns for retrieving noticed knowledge components on web pages."""" Ieice Transactions on Information and Systems E90D(10): 1687-1696."""""	" Educational websites contain rich knowledge components on a web page. Detecting student attention on web pages fulfills the recommendation of adequate knowledge components to students based on students' current interests. Previous studies have shown the application of learner attention in intelligent learning systems. This study proposes a methodology to analyze student on-line mouse movement patterns that indicate student attentions. The methodology can be combined with learning systems that implement pedagogical models such as inquiry-based learning and problem-solving learning activities. The feasibility and effectiveness of the proposed methodology have been evaluated by student mouse movements in problem-solving scenarios."""
NaN		1185	"Liu, C.-H. S., et al. (2014). """"Effective restaurant rating scale development and a mystery shopper evaluation approach."""" International Journal of Hospitality Management 43: 53-64."""""	" Dining is a major attraction for tourists visiting Taiwan. In 2008, the Taipei City Government commissioned a project to produce a list of recommended restaurants in Taipei for tourists. To facilitate the selection process, we developed a restaurant rating scale using a mystery shopper approach. This study entailed 20 questions that covered all elements of the consumers’ dining experience in a table-service restaurant setting, as well as a comprehensive mystery shopper training program to ensure consistency of quality in the evaluation process. This research involved the top 500 restaurants in Taipei. The findings revealed that our rating scale achieves internal consistency, validity and model fit. This study provided an important tool for further industrial applications and research opportunities. Further, this study proposes future research directions. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1186	"Liu, H., et al. (2015). """"Implementing Kanyini GAP, a pragmatic randomised controlled trial in Australia: findings from a qualitative study."""" Trials 16."""""	" Background: Pragmatic randomised controlled trials (PRCTs) aim to assess intervention effectiveness by accounting for 'real life' implementation challenges in routine practice. The methodological challenges of PRCT implementation, particularly in primary care, are not well understood. The Kanyini Guidelines Adherence to Polypill study (Kanyini GAP) was a recent primary care PRCT involving multiple private general practices, Indigenous community controlled health services and private community pharmacies. Through the experiences of Kanyini GAP participants, and using data from study materials, this paper identifies the critical enablers and barriers to implementing a PRCT across diverse practice settings and makes recommendations for future PRCT implementation. Methods: Qualitative data from 94 semi-structured interviews (47 healthcare providers (pharmacists, general practitioners, Aboriginal health workers  47 patients) conducted for the process evaluation of Kanyini GAP was used. Data coded to 'trial impact', 'research motivation' and 'real world' were explored and triangulated with data extracted from study materials (e.g. Emails, memoranda of understanding and financial statements). Results: PRCT implementation was facilitated by an extensive process of relationship building at the trial outset including building on existing relationships between core investigators and service providers. Health providers' and participants' altruism, increased professional satisfaction, collaboration, research capacity and opportunities for improved patient care enabled implementation. Inadequate research infrastructure, excessive administrative demands, insufficient numbers of adequately trained staff and the potential financial impact on private practice were considered implementation barriers. These were largely related to this being the first experience of trial involvement for many sites. The significant costs of addressing these barriers drew study resources from the task of achieving recruitment targets. Conclusions: Conducting PRCTs is crucial to generating credible evidence of intervention effectiveness in routine practice. PRCT implementation needs to account for the particular challenges of implementing collaborative research across diverse stakeholder organisations. Reliance on goodwill to participate is crucial at the outset. However, participation costs, particularly for organisations with little or no research experience, can be substantial and should be factored into PRCT funding models. Investment in a pool to fund infrastructure in the form of primary health research networks will offset some of these costs, enabling future studies to be implemented more cost-effectively."""
NaN		1187	"Liu, S. C. and H. S. Lin (2014). """"Primary Teachers' beliefs about Scientific Creativity in the Classroom Context."""" International Journal of Science Education 36(10): 1551-1567."""""	" While a number of studies have investigated people's perceptions or conceptions of creativity, there is a lack of studies looking into science teachers' views. The study aimed to explore the meanings of scientific creativity in the classroom context as perceived by a selective group of upper primary (Grades 3-6  student ages 8-12) science teachers (n = 16) in Taiwan. Using a self-report, open-ended questionnaire and follow-up interviews, the participants responded to questions as to (1) what quality, behaviours and abilities characterise a creative learner in their science classrooms, (2) what a science classroom should be like if it is to facilitate scientific creativity, and (3) whether and what particular elements of the inquiry approach are incorporated in such a classroom. The analyses revealed that the teachers captured the central features of creativity and proposed diverse ideas about how to foster creativity in school science, but seemed to overlook some aspects, such as convergent thinking, problem-finding, and linking the arts and science. These missing features are regarded as important for scientific creativity in contemporary research. The findings were discussed along with their implications for teacher education and future research."""
NaN		1188	"Liu, X. and Q. Li (2011). """"Combination of the Research-Based Learning Method with the Modern Physics Experiment Course Teaching."""" International Education Studies 4(1): 101-104."""""	" It has been the hotspot to reconstruct the education course based on the research-based learning in the course reform in many countries in recent years. The new course standard of China insists that the teaching is the interactive process that teachers and students communicate and develop together. In the teaching, the relationship between imparting knowledge and cultivating ability, and students' independence and self-determination should be emphasized, and teachers should lead students to doubt, survey, and search, and learn in the practice, and the learning should be the active and individual process under teachers' instruction. The exploring learning is just based on cultivating students' innovational spirit and practice ability. The research-based learning is introduced in the teaching of the modern physics experiment course, and this article mainly explores and attempts the concrete implementation and case design."""
NaN		1189	"Lohlein, L. (2016). """"From peer review to PCAOB inspections: Regulating for audit quality in the U.S."""" Journal of Accounting Literature 36: 28-47."""""	" This study reviews the existing literature on the U.S. peer review system and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board ( PCAOB) inspection system to assess our knowledge of audit regulation. The traditional self-regulatory system of the accounting profession came to an end, in 2002, when the PCAOB was established to oversee the audit firms of publicly traded companies. This paper contributes to the controversial debate about self-regulation versus independent regulation by analyzing, categorizing, and comparing the research findings on the peer review system and the PCAOB system along three dimensions: the validity of peer reviews and PCAOB inspections, the recognition of reviews and inspections by decision-makers ( e.g., investors, bankers, committees), and the effect of reviews and inspections on audit quality. Synthesizing the research on the regulatory regimes suggests that the notion of external quality control, both through peer reviews and government inspections, is positively linked with an improvement of audit quality. At the same time, the analysis indicates that external users do not seem to recognise peer review and PCAOB reports as very useful instruments for decision-making, which is in line with an identified rather skeptical perception of the audit profession on reviews and inspections. Overall, this study reveals that although the academic literature on peer review and PCAOB inspection is extensive it has not produced definitive conclusions concerning various aspects of audit regulation. This paper shows how this blurred picture is due to conflicting research findings, the dominance of the quantitative research paradigm, and unchallenged assumptions within the literature, and concludes by proposing research opportunities for the future. (C) 2016 University of Florida, Fisher School of Accounting. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1190	"Loke, J. C. F., et al. (2014). """"Embracing a culture in conducting research requires more than nurses' enthusiasm."""" Nurse Education Today 34(1): 132-137."""""	" Aims: This study explored the perceptions of clinical nurses about their research knowledge and experiences to highlight any gaps in nurse education in supporting research activities in healthcare organisations. Background: Nurses' research activities have been encouraged by moving hospital-based nurse education into higher education institutions whereby there is a stronger emphasis on teaching and developing nursing research at both undergraduate and post graduate levels. They were further encouraged by the introduction of advanced nurse practitioner roles, in the hope to increase opportunities for research participation. Whilst nurses' research activities have been explored in many countries, nurses in Singapore where there is a strong emphasis on evidence-based practice have not been investigated. Methods: A mixed-methods exploratory descriptive design, using a questionnaire based on open and closed questions was employed to obtain the views of clinical nurses about their capacity and organisational support in conducting research. The questionnaires were distributed to convenient samples who attended one of the 4 research seminars held on separate occasions between July and August 2011 in Singapore. Results: A total of 146 nurses were recruited. Whilst nurses demonstrated strong enthusiasm in conducting research, this characteristic feature was not adequate for them to embrace a research culture in organisations. Active participation as co-investigators was not possible in healthcare organisations where skewed distribution of resources towards medical and nurse researchers was perceived. Conclusions: The results suggest a need for a significant shift in focus on educational training from imparting research contents to providing opportunities to experience the research process. Organisational support in terms of protected time and financial support ought to be in place for nursing research experience. The findings also demonstrated that in places where organisational support was available, awareness of research opportunities such as educational and organisational support needed to be strengthened. This in turn would enable more nurses particularly those who provide direct patient care to conduct research within the context of the competing nursing practice demands. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1191	"Lombardo, C., et al. (2011). """"TRAIN: Training through Research Application Italian iNitiative."""" International Journal of Biological Markers 26(2): 136-138."""""	" Training through Research Application Italian iNitiative (TRAIN) is a mobility program financed under the EU action called ""Cofinancing of regional, national and international programs"""" (COFUND) of the European Commission Seventh Framework Program (FP7) - People, and has been designed to encourage the promotion and development of international programs of research through mobility at various stages of research careers. The aim of TRAIN is to improve translational skills in the field of cancer by promoting a three-year international mobility program assigning a total of 51 fellowships subdivided into incoming, outgoing and reintegration fellowships. The TRAIN proposal has been submitted in February 2009 to the European Commission in reply to the 2008 FP7-PEOPLE-COFUND call and has been successfully evaluated. TRAIN is addressed to postdoctoral scientists or scientists who have at least four years' full-time equivalent research experience and who wish to improve their careers spending one year abroad. The mobility program is open also to non-Italian experienced scientists wishing to spend one year in an Italian research center or private company. Part of the scheme is targeted to experienced Italian scientists who have completed at least three years of research in a foreign country and are interested in returning to Italy. TRAIN is part of an overall Italian strategy outlined by the International Program of the Italian Cancer Network """"Alleanza Contro il Cancro"""" to promote Italian participation in the building of the European Area for translational cancer research and to enhance the interaction between academy and industry."""""
NaN		1192	"London, L., et al. (2012). """"FILLING THE GAP: A LEARNING NETWORK FOR HEALTH AND HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE WESTERN CAPE, SOUTH AFRICA."""" Health and Human Rights 14(1): 88-105."""""	" We draw on the experience of a Learning Network for Health and Human Rights (LN) involving collaboration between academic institutions and civil society organizations in the Western Cape, South Africa, aimed at identifying and disseminating best practice related to the right to health. The LN's work in materials development, participatory research, training and capacity-building for action, and advocacy for intervention illustrates important lessons for human rights practice. These include (i) the importance of active translation of knowledge and awareness into action for rights to be made real  (ii) the potential tension arising from civil society action, which might relieve the state of its obligations by delivering services that should be the state's responsibility-and hence the importance of emphasizing civil society's role in holding services accountable in terms of the right to health  (iii) the role of civil society organizations in filling a gap related to obligations to promote rights  (iv) the critical importance of networking and solidarity for building civil society capacity to act for health rights. Evidence from evaluation of the LN is presented to support the argument that civil society can play a key role in bridging a gap between formal state commitment to creating a human rights culture and realizing services and policies that enable the most vulnerable members of society to advance their health. Through access to information and the creation of spaces, both for participation and as a safe environment in which learning can be turned into practice, the agency of those most affected by rights violations can be redressed. We argue that civil society agency is critical to such action."""
NaN		1193	"Long, J. C., et al. (2014). """"Patterns of collaboration in complex networks: the example of a translational research network."""" Bmc Health Services Research 14."""""	" Background: This paper examines collaboration in a complex translational cancer research network (TRN) made up of a range of hospital-based clinicians and university-based researchers. We examine the phenomenon of close-knit and often introspective clusters of people (silos) and test the extent that factors associated with this clustering (geography, profession and past experience) influence patterns of current and future collaboration on TRN projects. Understanding more of these patterns, especially the gaps or barriers between members, will help network leaders to manage subgroups and promote connectivity crucial to efficient network function. Methods: An on-line, whole network survey was used to collect attribute and relationship data from all members of the new TRN based in New South Wales, Australia in early 2012. The 68 members were drawn from six separate hospital and university campuses. Social network analysis with UCInet tested the effects of geographic proximity, profession, past research experience, strength of ties and previous collaborations on past, present and future intended partnering. Results: Geographic proximity and past working relationships both had significant effects on the choice of current collaboration partners. Future intended collaborations included a significant number of weak ties and ties based on other members' reputations implying that the TRN has provided new opportunities for partnership. Professional grouping, a significant barrier discussed in the translational research literature, influenced past collaborations but not current or future collaborations, possibly through the mediation of network brokers. Conclusions: Since geographic proximity is important in the choice of collaborators a dispersed network such as this could consider enhancing cross site interactions by improving virtual communication technology and use, increasing social interactions apart from project related work, and maximising opportunities to meet members from other sites. Key network players have an important brokerage role facilitating linkages between groups."""
NaN		1194	"Longtin, S. (2014). """"Practice Brief: Interdisciplinary Support Services for Students with Autism Spectrum Disorders."""" Journal of Postsecondary Education and Disability 27(3): 333-342."""""	" This Practice Brief describes a grant-funded pilot program at an urban four-year public college, developed to address the needs of students with Autism Spectrum Disorders (ASD). This Interdisciplinary Collaborative Support Services program provided (1) more clinical assistance for students with ASD to promote their academic and social success  (2) education, training, and supervision for graduate student mentors  (3) in-service training for faculty, staff, students, and administrators  and (4) a resource library related to the target population. This article describes the work among the different program partners to offer interdisciplinary, collaborative services for the students who elected to participate in the initiative and reports both the positive outcomes and challenges of the program. This article concludes with suggestions for expansion of the practice and research opportunities on the efficacy of the model."""
NaN		1195	"Lopatto, D. (2007). """"Undergraduate Research Experiences Support Science Career Decisions and Active Learning."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 6(4): 297-306."""""	" The present study examined the reliability of student evaluations of summer undergraduate research experiences using the SURE (Survey of Undergraduate Research Experiences) and a follow-up survey disseminated 9 mo later. The survey further examines the hypothesis that undergraduate research enhances the educational experience of science undergraduates, attracts and retains talented students to careers in science, and acts as a pathway for minority students into science careers. Undergraduates participated in an online survey on the benefits of undergraduate research experiences. Participants indicated gains on 20 potential benefits and reported on career plans. Most of the participants began or continued to plan for postgraduate education in the sciences. A small group of students who discontinued their plans for postgraduate science education reported significantly lower gains than continuing students. Women and men reported similar levels of benefits and similar patterns of career plans. Undergraduate researchers from underrepresented groups reported higher learning gains than comparison students. The results replicated previously reported data from this survey. The follow-up survey indicated that students reported gains in independence, intrinsic motivation to learn, and active participation in courses taken after the summer undergraduate research experience. (Contains 7 tables, 3 figures, and 1 footnote.)"""
NaN		1196	"Lopatto, D., et al. (2014). """"A Central Support System Can Facilitate Implementation and Sustainability of a Classroom-Based Undergraduate Research Experience (CURE) in Genomics."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 13(4): 711-723."""""	" In their 2012 report, the President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology advocated ""replacing standard science laboratory courses with discovery-based research courses""""--a challenging proposition that presents practical and pedagogical difficulties. In this paper, we describe our collective experiences working with the Genomics Education Partnership, a nationwide faculty consortium that aims to provide undergraduates with a research experience in genomics through a scheduled course (a classroom-based undergraduate research experience, or CURE). We examine the common barriers encountered in implementing a CURE, program elements of most value to faculty, ways in which a shared core support system can help, and the incentives for and rewards of establishing a CURE on our diverse campuses. While some of the barriers and rewards are specific to a research project utilizing a genomics approach, other lessons learned should be broadly applicable. We find that a central system that supports a shared investigation can mitigate some shortfalls in campus infrastructure (such as time for new curriculum development, availability of IT services) and provides collegial support for change. Our findings should be useful for designing similar supportive programs to facilitate change in the way we teach science for undergraduates."""""
NaN		1197	"Lotter, C., et al. (2007). """"The Influence of Core Teaching Conceptions on Teachers' Use of Inquiry Teaching Practices."""" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 44(9): 1318-1347."""""	" This article investigates three teachers' conceptions and use of inquiry-based instructional strategies throughout a professional development program. The professional development program consisted of a 2-week summer inquiry institute and research experience in university scientists' laboratories, as well as three academic year workshops. Insights gained from an in-depth study of these three secondary teachers resulted in a model of teacher conceptions that can be used to direct future inquiry professional development. Teachers' conceptions of inquiry teaching were established through intensive case-study research that incorporated extensive classroom observations and interviews. Through their participation in the professional development experience, the teachers gained a deeper understanding of how to implement inquiry practices in their classrooms. The teachers gained confidence and practice with inquiry methods through developing and presenting their institute-developed inquiry lessons, through observing other teachers' lessons, and participating as students in the workshop inquiry activities. Data analysis revealed that a set of four core conceptions guided the teachers' use of inquiry-based practices in their classrooms. The teachers' conceptions of science, their students, effective teaching practices, and the purpose of education influenced the type and amount of inquiry instruction performed in the high school classrooms. The research findings suggest that to be successful inquiry professional development must not only teach inquiry knowledge, but it must also assess and address teachers' core teaching conceptions. (Contains 1 figure. The following are appended: Pre-SRI Interview Protocol  and Post-SRI Interview Protocol.)"""
NaN		1199	"Lowe, B., et al. (2007). """"Crash course """"clinical research in psychosocial medicine"""": Changes in research knowledge and subjective research competence."""" Psychotherapie Psychosomatik Medizinische Psychologie 57(9-10): 405-408."""""	" In the field of psychosocial medicine, there is a lack of structured training programs in clinical research methodology for young investigators. This study investigates changes in research knowledge and subjective research competence during a one-day crash course in clinical research. In addition, the participants evaluated the quality of the course. The crash course, held at the 2007 meeting of the German Council of Psychosomatic Medicine, consisted of 10 lessons regarding clinical study design, biostatistics, and publication of study results. Changes in research knowledge and subjective research competence were measured with multiple-choice and open-ended questions using a one-group pre-post-test-design. All 11 participants (73% male, mean age 37.0 +/- 9.5 years) completed the evaluations at the beginning and at the end of the course. The crash course was associated with a significant increase in research knowledge (effect size = 1.3  p < 0.001), but no significant change was found with respect to subjective research competence (effect size = 0.2  p = 0.52). Overall, the quality of the course was rated as excellent  10 of the 11 participants (91%) would participate again in a similar crash course. The substantial increase in research knowledge suggests that structured courses in clinical research methodology should regularly be offered to young investigators, e.g. within the scope of research meetings or other national structures."""
NaN		1200	"Lucariello, J. M., et al. (2012). """"Meet the """"Reading Rangers"""": Curriculum for Teaching Comprehension Strategies to Urban Third Graders."""" Penn GSE Perspectives on Urban Education 9(2): 12."""""	" An innovative reading comprehension curriculum that recruits social cognition in the teaching of visualizing, making inferences, and literature concepts was created, thereby achieving the first aim of the research. The Reading Rangers (RR) program was based on three research-based learning principles that were relied on in converting reading comprehension to a social domain. The RR curriculum was designed to capitalize on the social reasoning strengths of low-income children that have been identified in the cognitive-developmental literature. The second research aim entailed implementing this curriculum within a low-income urban school and comparing its effectiveness to an established reading comprehension curriculum already being used in the district. The finding that the Reading Rangers curriculum was more effective than the district program in facilitating students' use/production of strategies is particularly noteworthy, as production is considered a higher-level cognitive skill than recognition. This result is even more striking when considering the short duration of instruction, which was just twelve days. It is encouraging that the Reading Rangers curriculum proved to be effective in teaching reading comprehension strategy use to urban, low-income children. The current findings are consistent with other research that has shown positive effects on learning from educational practices that build upon children's social cognitive strengths. Given the persistence of the income-achievement gap and the preliminary success of this curriculum, building on social cognitive strengths in urban classrooms may be a promising approach for boosting low-income students' reading achievement."""
NaN		1201	"Lucas, L. (2007). """"Research and Teaching Work within University Education Departments: Fragmentation or Integration?"""" Journal of Further and Higher Education 31(1): 17-29."""""	" This article raises some questions about the current policy context of debates on the link between research and teaching in academic work, specifically within university education departments. It draws selectively from a research project which investigated education academics' perceptions and experiences in Scotland and England but focuses exclusively here on the Scottish institutions. Research activity as it is commonly defined and articulated, particularly as part of the selectivity mission driving the Research Assessment Exercise (RAE) in the UK, is increasingly perceived as the preserve of elite research-intensive universities and has served to fragment and differentiate research and teaching work within university departments. Using a communities of practice model, this article focuses on investigating the possibilities of creating a community of scholarly knowledge-building practice within these education departments, which can help to develop the research potential of academic staff previously not research-active as well as the student teachers being taught within these departments. Evidence from the project shows that at least within university education departments there is enormous potential to invigorate and innovate research and teaching work and for this to have beneficial implications for education professionals across the education sector."""
NaN		1202	"Lucas, T. and N. M. Rowley (2011). """"Enquiry-Based Learning: Experiences of First Year Chemistry Students Learning Spectroscopy."""" Chemistry Education Research and Practice 12(4): 478-486."""""	" We explored the experiences of first year chemistry students of an Enquiry-Based Learning (EBL) approach to learning spectroscopy. An investigation of how students' perceived confidences changed as a result of their experience of using EBL in the spectroscopy course was carried out. Changes in the students' perceived confidence, both in their understanding of how spectroscopic techniques work and in their ability to interpret spectra were examined. In addition, an exploration of students' reactions towards the processes of EBL was carried out. This was achieved by various methods such as questionnaires, focus groups and an individual interview. Working with small numbers, a fairly positive picture has emerged, and much is consistent with the findings of others. Given that the aims of Higher Education need to encompass a wider range of skills (such as independent learning, group work, problem solving, communication skills), then this change in the way spectroscopy has been presented seems to offer much scope in embedding such employability skills. (Contains 2 tables.)"""
NaN		1203	"Lucero, M., et al. (2013). """"Teachers' Beliefs and Self-Reported Use of Inquiry in Science Education in Public Primary Schools."""" International Journal of Science Education 35(8): 1407-1423."""""	" This paper describes Ecuadorian in-service teachers and their science teaching practices in public primary schools. We wanted to find out to what extent teachers implement inquiry activities in science teaching, the level of support they provide, and what type of inquiry they implement. Four questionnaires applied to 173 teachers resulted in the identification of high context beliefs and moderately high self-efficacy beliefs. Teachers declared to implement activities mostly to develop understanding of the material, as contrast to actual manipulation of data and/or coming to conclusions. They adopt rather a strictly guided approach in contrast to giving autonomy to learners to work on their own. Finally, teachers keep control with regard to question formulation and choice in solution procedures, which constrains the development of real inquiry. When comparing teacher beliefs, we found that teachers' context beliefs make a difference in the level of support that teachers provide to their students. Teachers with lower context beliefs ask students to perform inquiry activities on their own to a lesser extent when compared with teachers with higher context beliefs. This implies that further research on the implementation of inquiry in science teaching should take into account teachers' differences in their context beliefs. We also found out that the use of high or low support in inquiry activities remained the same for teachers with either higher or lower self-efficacy beliefs."""
NaN		1204	"Luchtenberg, M., et al. (2015). """"Young People's Experiences of Participation in Clinical Trials: Reasons for Taking Part."""" American Journal of Bioethics 15(11): 3-13."""""	" Given the lack of knowledge about safety and efficacy of many treatments for children, pediatric clinical trials are important, but recruitment for pediatric research is difficult. Little is known about children's perspective on participating in trials. The purpose of this study was to understand the experiences and motivations of young people who took part in clinical trials. This is a qualitative interview study of 25 young people aged 10-23 who were invited to take part in clinical trials. Interviews were audio or video recorded and analyzed using framework analysis. Young peoples' motivations were both personal benefit and helping others. Both incentives appeared to be more complex than expected. We introduce the terms network of exchange and intergenerational solidarity to describe these motivations. To improve recruitment, professionals should be more open about research opportunities, provide better information, and give young people feedback after the trial has ended."""
NaN		1205	"Luft, J. R., et al. (2010). """"Crystal cookery - using high-throughput technologies and the grocery store as a teaching tool."""" Journal of Applied Crystallography 43: 1189-1207."""""	" Crystallography is a multidisciplinary field that links divergent areas of mathematics, science and engineering to provide knowledge of life on an atomic scale. Crystal growth, a key component of the field, is an ideal vehicle for education. Crystallization has been used with a `grocery store chemistry' approach and linked to high-throughput remote-access screening technologies. This approach provides an educational opportunity that can effectively teach the scientific method, readily accommodate different levels of educational experience, and reach any student with access to a grocery store, a post office and the internet. This paper describes the formation of the program through the students who helped develop and prototype the procedures. A summary is presented of the analysis and preliminary results and a description given of how the program could be linked with other aspects of crystallography. This approach has the potential to bridge the gap between students in remote locations and with limited funding, and access to scientific resources, providing students with an international-level research experience."""
NaN		1206	"Lumpe, A., et al. (2012). """"Beliefs about Teaching Science: The relationship between elementary teachers' participation in professional development and student achievement."""" International Journal of Science Education 34(2): 153-166."""""	" Because of increasing calls for school accountability, an increased emphasis placed on the role of the teacher, and theoretical connections between teacher beliefs and classroom action, a critical need exists to examine teacher professional development programs to determine their impact on teacher belief systems, teaching practices, and student learning. The primary goal of this study was to assess elementary teachers' science teaching efficacy as they participated in a large-scale professional development program and to determine the relationship of these beliefs with student learning. It was found that elementary teachers who participated in a long-term, intense (over 100 contact hours annually) science professional development program displayed significant gains in their science teaching self-efficacy. Several background variables were found to be predictive of teacher beliefs including how often teachers spend teaching science. Males tended to display more positive beliefs than their female counterparts. Although a small portion of the variance was explained, teacher beliefs and the number of hours participating in the research-based professional development program were significantly predictive of students' science achievement. Other factors may be involved in teachers' beliefs and their connection with student learning, including classroom practices, curriculum materials, support systems, and student background variables. These factors should be the target of future investigations."""
NaN		1207	"Lungeanu, R. and E. J. Zajac (2016). """"VENTURE CAPITAL OWNERSHIP AS A CONTINGENT RESOURCE: HOW OWNER-FIRM FIT INFLUENCES IPO OUTCOMES."""" Academy of Management Journal 59(3): 930-955."""""	" This study seeks to contribute to the literature on corporate ownership and firm performance by advancing an expertise-based perspective that views owners as a contingent resource. Specifically, we propose that heterogeneous prior experiences of corporate owners creates identifiable and evolving differences in owner expertise, and that these differences in expertise, when matched appropriately to firms' specific and changing strategic needs, will be a source of value over the life cycle of a firm. We draw from the venture capital (VC) context to identify ex ante the meaningful differences in owner expertise, as well as the firm-specific situations in which we believe a fit or misfit would exist between VC owners and these private firms. We test and find support for our predictions regarding the performance benefits of well-matched owners and firms using an extensive longitudinal dataset of the population of U.S. private firms seeking to go public from 1997 to 2004, and their VC owners. We discuss the implications of our approach as they relate to future research opportunities across the corporate governance, strategy, and entrepreneurship literatures."""
NaN		1208	"Luo, L. L. and M. McKinney (2015). """"JAL in the Past Decade: A Comprehensive Analysis of Academic Library Research."""" Journal of Academic Librarianship 41(2): 123-129."""""	" A content analysis is conducted to examine the peer-reviewed articles published in the Journal of Academic Librarianship (JAL) from 2004 to 2013. Five key variables are studied: authorship, article type, topic, research methods/design, and research theories/models. About three-fourths of the articles were authored by at least one librarian, and over half of the articles were co-authored. More than two-thirds of the articles were primary research articles, and a total of 24 topics related to academic libraries were covered, among which information literacy was the most popular one. Survey and content analysis are the two most frequently used research methods in the articles. This study, capturing the topical and methodological substance of academic library research, will generate ideas for providing effective research training/education for academic librarians and contribute to the enhancement of research culture and research practice among them. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1209	"Luoma, M. A. (2015). """"Revisiting the strategy-performance linkage: An application of an empirically derived typology of strategy content areas."""" Management Decision 53(5): 1083-1106."""""	" Purpose: The linkage between strategy and performance is central to strategic management. Empirical studies have nevertheless produced mixed results on the nature of this relationship, and in recent decades, very little advancement has been made in research aimed at elucidating this relationship. Accordingly, the purpose of this paper is to identify the approaches to the strategy-performance linkage in previous studies and defines five principles that should characterize future research on this relationship. The paper develops a novel research design that follows these principles and tests the usefulness of this research design in practice. Design/methodology/approach: This paper is exploratory in nature and its empirical methods include content analysis, multidimensional scaling, and cluster analysis. The primary difference between this paper and studies in the mainstream literature on the linkage between strategy and performance relates to the application of an endogenous strategy typology instead of predefined strategy categories. Findings: The analysis shows that the adopted research design based on five principles is applicable to research on the linkage between strategy and performance and that such a research design produces meaningful results. The results support the findings of earlier studies regarding the potential of 'hybrid' strategies for achieving superior firm performance. Research limitations/implications: This paper challenges the dominance of generic strategies in research on the strategy-performance linkage and provides statistical data that lay the foundation for more detailed investigation on this relationship. The paper argues for a contextually bound view of strategic management. Originality/value: This paper invigorates the discussion on the linkage between strategy and performance, which has long been diminishing as a research topic in the literature because of contradictory results and the lack of fresh research opportunities. This paper further introduces a methodology that has been underutilized in the study of strategic management. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1210	"Lustigova, Z., et al. (2009). """"A New E-learning Strategy for Cognition of the Real World in Teaching and Learning Science."""" New Educational Review 17(1): 305-317."""""	" Computer supported inquiry based learning environments are developing along the lines of integrated learning and combining multiple approaches  but till now, they have rarely included virtual and remote experimental environments to form a unified body of information and knowledge in both collaborative and constructivist way. With progress in information technologies, the chance to handle real objects by application of remote and virtual experiments across the Internet has emerged. This paper describes how a scientifically exact and problem-solving-oriented remote and virtual science experimental environment might help to build a new strategy for science education. The main features of the new strategy are (1) the observations and control of real world phenomena, possibly materialized in data, their processing and evaluation, (2) verification of hypotheses combined with the development of critical thinking, supported by (3) sophisticated relevant information search, classification and storing tools and (4) collaborative environment, supporting argumentative writing and teamwork, public presentations and defense of achieved results, all either in real presence, in telepresence or in combination of both. Only then real understanding of generalized science laws and their consequences can be developed. This science learning and teaching environment (called ROL - Remote and Open Laboratory), has been developed and used by Charles University in Prague since 1996, offered to science students in both formal and informal learning, and also to science teachers within their professional development studies, since 2003."""
NaN		1211	"Maas, M. L., et al. (2009). """"Increasing nursing faculty research: The Iowa gerontological nursing research and regional research consortium strategies."""" Journal of Nursing Scholarship 41(4): 411-419."""""	" Purpose: Research development and regional consortium strategies are described to assist schools in all countries extend their gerontological nursing research productivity. The strategies, collaboration and mentoring experiences, and outcomes are also shared to illustrate a highly successful approach in increasing faculty programs of nursing research in a focused area of inquiry. Design: A case description of gerontological nursing research development and regional consortium strategies in schools of nursing is used. The regional consortium included 17 schools of nursing that are working to increase faculty programs of gerontological nursing research. Survey responses describing publications, presentations, and research funding awards from 65 of 114 total faculty participants in consortium opportunities (pilot and mentoring grant participants, participants in summer scholars’ grantsmanship seminars) were collected annually from 1995 through 2008 to describe outcomes. Findings: From 1994 through 2008, faculty participants from the consortium schools who responded to the annual surveys reported a total of 597 gerontological nursing publications, 527 presentations at research conferences, funding of 221 small and internal grants, and 130 external grant awards, including 47R-series grants and 4 K awards. Conclusions: There is an urgent need for more nurse faculty with programs of research to inform the health care of persons and support the preparation of nurse clinicians and faculty. The shortage of nurse scientists with active programs of gerontological research is especially serious and limits the number of faculty who are needed to prepare future gerontological nurses, particularly those with doctoral degrees who will assume faculty positions. Further, junior faculty with a gerontological nursing research foci often lack the colleagues, mentors, and environments needed to develop successful research careers. The outcomes of the development and regional consortium strategies suggest that the principles of extending collaboration, mentoring, and resource sharing are useful to augment faculty research opportunities, networking and support, and to increase productivity in individual schools. Clinical Relevance: Clinical relevance includes: (a) implications for preparing nurse scientists and academicians who are and will be needed to train nurses for clinical practice, and (b) development of more faculty programs of research to provide systematic evidence to inform nursing practice. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1213	"Mabrouk, P. A. (2009). """"Survey Study Investigating the Significance of Conference Participation to Undergraduate Research Students."""" Journal of Chemical Education 86(11): 1335-1340."""""	" This article summarizes the findings of a survey study of undergraduate research (UR) students presenting their research at the fall 2007 and fall 2008 American Chemical Society (ACS) National Meetings. The purpose of the study is to probe the perceived benefits of conference participation to UR students. Results suggest that participation in professional meetings such as the ACS National Meeting is a vital element of the UR experience and an important factor in the enculturation of student scientists into the greater scientific community. Participation provides student researchers an opportunity to communicate their UR findings to the greater scientific community and strengthens their commitment to the pursuit of a career in chemistry and advanced study. Gender does not appear to influence student views concerning meetings nor student selection of meeting activities. However, ethnicity does appear to influence student views and student selection of meeting activities. Meeting participation appears to provide a forum for African-American students where they feel they can test and affirm their professional self-identity and hone their presentation skills. These findings suggest that participation in technical conferences is an important element in the enculturation of student researchers in the greater scientific community and that meeting participation may be particularly important in the enculturation of African-American student scientists. Student respondents participated in a wide range of activities at the ACS National Meetings, both formal and informal. However, for the most part they elected to participate in the technical activities, specifically, the poster sessions, the exposition, and the undergraduate programming. Comparison of students' stated motivations for attending the ACS National Meeting and their actual selection of meeting activities suggests that students may not be aware of some of the meeting activities nor of the benefits of participating in these activities as they relate to the students' stated meeting goals. Thus, it may be valuable to develop instructional materials and exercises to educate students concerning technical conferences. Finally, UR students attending graduate research universities do not appear to enjoy the same opportunities for participation in professional conferences that their peers attending primarily undergraduate institutions and comprehensive universities do. Since evidence of research experience and productivity are commonly used criteria for offers of graduate school admission and financial aid, this observation merits further study. (Contains 3 tables and 1 note.)"""
NaN		1214	"Mabrouk, P. A. (2013). """"Research and Teaching: An Investigation of the Evolution of High School and Undergraduate Student Researchers' Understanding of Key Science Ethics Concepts."""" Journal of College Science Teaching 43(2): 91-99."""""	" High school and undergraduate research students were surveyed over the 10-week period of their summer research programs to investigate their understanding of key concepts in science ethics and whether their understanding changed over the course of their summer research experiences. Most of the students appeared to understand the issues relevant to data handling and laboratory safety early in their summer research experiences but did not understand confidentiality, intellectual property, and authorship. Many appeared to have clarified their understanding within 2 weeks of the workshop and to understand confidentiality by the 8th week following the workshop. However, understanding of intellectual property and authorship remained unresolved for a significant number of high school and undergraduate students at the 8th week. This was true even though the majority of students reported having consulted their research advisor or graduate mentor for clarification on laboratory policies related to these science ethics issues. Therefore a single-shot approach to science ethics training favored by many summer research programs may not be adequate."""
NaN		1212	"Mabrouk, P., et al. (2007). """"WebGURU: The Web-Based Guide to Research for Undergraduates."""" Journal of College Science Teaching 36(7): 18-23."""""	" Undergraduate research (UR) is widely promoted by faculty, administrators, institutions of higher learning, government laboratories, private industry, professional associations, and funding agencies as an effective method of training college students pursuing careers in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) disciplines at colleges and universities across the United States and abroad. Perceived benefits for students include greater enthusiasm for study in the discipline, enhanced research skills, and a higher likelihood of pursuing advanced study and ultimately a research career (Seymour et al. 2004  Lopatto 2004  Nagda et al. 1998  Bauer and Bennett 2003). This paper introduces the Web-Based Guide to Research for Undergraduates (Web-GURU), an innovative student-centered resource for undergraduates in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics which provides information on all aspects of the undergraduate research experience. (Contains 2 figures and 2 tables.)"""
NaN		1215	"Mabvuure, N. T. (2012). """"Twelve tips for introducing students to research and publishing: A medical student's perspective."""" Medical Teacher 34(9): 705-709."""""	" Background: Medical students claim to have inadequate opportunities to conduct research, whilst some do not know how to make the initial steps. There is a need for medical educators to not only direct students to research opportunities but also to counsel them on the attitudes required for the student's success in a research environment. Aim: This article gives educators 12 tips on guidance that might help motivated medical students when starting their research careers. The various opportunities for students to participate in research are also identified. Method: Tips were devised from personal experience and a review of the literature. Results: The 12 tips are: (1) Educate students on the benefits of research. (2) Encourage students to take the initiative to create opportunities for themselves. (3) Encourage students to undertake extracurricular research. (4) Encourage students to network with other researchers. (5) Encourage students to engage with student-selected components of their courses. (6) Encourage students to apply for summer research programmes. (7) Encourage students to attend scientific conferences. (8) Advise students to consider intercalated degrees. (9) Encourage students to do research during elective placements. (10) Make students aware of the MBPhD courses. (11) Emphasise research as a learning process and reduce focus on output. (12) Advise students to balance their academic and research interests. Conclusions: The 12 tips highlight important attitudes for students to take in research as well as highlighting various opportunities for research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1216	"MacDonald, G. (2008). """"Teaching Protein Purification and Characterization Techniques: A Student-Initiated, Project-Oriented Biochemistry Laboratory Course."""" Journal of Chemical Education 85(9): 1250-1252."""""	" This report describes a biochemistry laboratory that is completely project-oriented. Upper-level biology and chemistry majors work in teams to purify a protein of their choice. After the student groups have completed literature searches, ordered reagents, and made buffers they continue to learn basic protein purification and biochemical techniques as needed during the semester. As the protein purifications progress the students encounter many common problems associated with attempting to reproduce published protein purifications. The students gain valuable problem-solving skills and work in a research group environment. The culmination of the course requires some characterization of the protein, a formal laboratory report, and a final presentation. Students characterize their proteins using activity assays or techniques such as infrared or circular dichroism to study protein structure or unfolding. Day-to-day laboratory experiences resemble an active undergraduate research laboratory. This laboratory is unstructured and works to integrate research and education and retain students in the sciences by exposing them to a completely open-ended, inquiry-based laboratory. (Contains 1 list, 1 table, 1 figure, and 1 note.)"""
NaN		1217	"MacKenzie, C. A. (2016). """"Filtered meaning: Appreciating linguistic skill, social position and subjectivity of interpreters in cross-language research."""" Qualitative Research 16(2): 167-182."""""	" Arriving in a foreign country with little knowledge of local languages presents the researcher with significant linguistic challenges. Our in-country contacts may suggest potential interpreters for us to hire, but how do we know if these interpreters can fluently speak the languages of our participants? Can we, lacking fluency in local languages, understand when the social position and lived experiences of our interpreter modify the discourses we seek to analyse? Drawing from my human geography research experience in Uganda, this article aims to share strategies to assess the linguistic skills of the interpreter and to understand his or her social position and subjectivity. Uniquely, this paper highlights differences in interpretation and links these differences to the assistants’ social position and subjectivity, highlighting the need to acknowledge that meaning can be filtered by interpretation and requiring that critical reflection be broadened to encompass interpreters in cross-language research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1218	"MacLachlan, M. (2009). """"Rethinking global health research: towards integrative expertise."""" Globalization and Health 5."""""	" The Bamako Call for Action on Research for Health stresses the importance of inter-disciplinary, inter-ministerial and inter-sectoral working. This challenges much of our current research and postgraduate research training in health, which mostly seeks to produce narrowly focused content specialists. We now need to compliment this type of research and research training, by offering alternative pathways that seek to create expertise, not only in specific narrow content areas, but also in the process and context of research, as well as in the interaction of these different facets of knowledge. Such an approach, developing 'integrative expertise', could greatly facilitate better research utilisation, helping policy makers and practitioners work through more evidence-based practice and across traditional research boundaries."""
NaN		1219	"MacLeish, M. Y., et al. (2011). """"The National Space Biomedical Research Institute's education and public outreach program: Working toward a global 21st century space exploration society."""" Acta Astronautica 68(9-10): 1614-1619."""""	" Space Exploration educators worldwide are confronting challenges and embracing opportunities to prepare students for the global 21st century workforce. The National Space Biomedical Research Institute (NSBRI), established in 1997 through a NASA competition, is a 12-university consortium dedicated to space life science research and education. NSBRI's Education and Public Outreach Program (EPOP) is advancing the Institute's mission by responding to global educational challenges through activities that: provide teacher professional development  develop curricula that teach students to communicate with their peers across the globe  provide women and minority US populations with greater access to, and awareness of science careers "" and promote international science education partnerships. A recent National Research Council (NRC) Space Studies Board Report, America's Future in Space: Aligning the Civil Program with National Needs, acknowledges that """"a capable workforce for the 21st century is a key strategic objective for the US space program ... (and that) US problems requiring best efforts to understand and resolve ... are global in nature and must be addressed through mutual worldwide action"""". [1] This sentiment has gained new momentum through a recent National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) report, which recommends that the life of the International Space Station be extended beyond the planned 2016 termination. [2] The two principles of globalization and ISS utility have elevated NSBRI EPOP efforts to design and disseminate science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) educational materials that prepare students for full participation in a globalized, high technology society""  promote and provide teacher professional development  create research opportunities for women and underserved populations  and build international educational partnerships. This paper describes select EPOP projects and makes the case for using innovative, emerging information technologies to transfer space exploration knowledge to students, engage educators from across the globe in discourse about science curricula, and foster multimedia collaborations that inform citizens about the benefits of space exploration for life on Earth. Special references are made to educational activities conducted at professional meetings in Austria, Canada, France, China, Greece, Italy, Russia, Scotland and Spain. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1220	"Madan-Swain, A., et al. (2012). """"Applying the cube model to pediatric psychology: Development of research competency skills at the doctoral level."""" Journal of Pediatric Psychology 37(2): 136-148."""""	" Objectives: This article considers the development of research competencies in professional psychology and how that movement might be applied to training in pediatric psychology. The field of pediatric psychology has a short but rich history, and experts have identified critical competencies. However, pediatric psychology has not yet detailed a set of research-based competencies. Methods: This article initially reviews the competency initiative in professional psychology, including the cube model as it relates to research training. Next, we review and adapt the knowledge-based/foundational and applied/functional research competencies proposed by health psychology into a cube model for pediatric psychology. We focus especially on graduate-level training but allude to its application throughout professional development. Results: We present the cube model as it is currently being applied to the development of a systematic research competency evaluation for graduate training at our medical/clinical psychology doctoral program at the University of Alabama at Birmingham. Based on the review and synthesis of the literature on research competency in professional psychology we propose future initiatives to develop these competencies for the field of pediatric psychology. Conclusions: The cube model can be successfully applied to the development of research training competencies in pediatric psychology. Future research should address the development, implementation, and assessment of the research competencies for training and career development of future pediatric psychologists. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1221	"Madhuri, V. G., et al. (2012). """"Promoting Higher Order Thinking Skills Using Inquiry-Based Learning."""" European Journal of Engineering Education 37(2): 117-123."""""	" Active learning pedagogies play an important role in enhancing higher order cognitive skills among the student community. In this work, a laboratory course for first year engineering chemistry is designed and executed using an inquiry-based learning pedagogical approach. The goal of this module is to promote higher order thinking skills in chemistry. Laboratory exercises are designed based on Bloom's taxonomy and a just-in-time facilitation approach is used. A pre-laboratory discussion outlining the theory of the experiment and its relevance is carried out to enable the students to analyse real-life problems. The performance of the students is assessed based on their ability to perform the experiment, design new experiments and correlate practical utility of the course module with real life. The novelty of the present approach lies in the fact that the learning outcomes of the existing experiments are achieved through establishing a relationship with real-world problems. (Contains 2 tables and 3 figures.)"""
NaN		1222	"Madrigal, D. S., et al. (2016). """"Improving Latino Youths' Environmental Health Literacy and Leadership Skills Through Participatory Research on Chemical Exposures in Cosmetics: The HERMOSA Study."""" International Quarterly of Community Health Education 36(4): 231-240."""""	" To increase environmental health literacy (EHL) and leadership skills in Latino youth in Salinas, CA., we worked from 2012-2015 with 15 members of the CHAMACOS Youth Community Council (YCC), an outreach arm of a longitudinal study of impacts of environmental chemicals on children's health. The YCC program provided hands-on research experiences related to Endocrine Disrupting Chemicals (EDCs) in cosmetics and their possible health effects. We use participatory research principles and Bloom's Taxonomy of Educational Objectives to describe the development of EHC and leadership in the youth co-researchers. Using data from multiple qualitative sources, we explore the youths' engagement in a wide range of research and action processes. Promising outcomes, including perceptions of improved youth self-esteem, EHL, leadership, and career orientation are discussed, as are challenges, such as time constraints and high priority youth concerns not addressed by the study. Implications for other youth-engaged participatory science and leadership programs are presented."""
NaN		1223	"Magi, E. and M. Beerkens (2016). """"Linking research and teaching: Are research-active staff members different teachers?"""" Higher Education 72(2): 241-258."""""	" In the global competition of higher education, research intensity has become the key indicator of the quality of universities. This raises the issue of how, and whether at all, a research-intensive environment offers a better learning experience for students. One potential answer to this dilemma lies in research-related teaching. In this empirical paper we examine whether research-active staff members are indeed different teachers and whether they are more likely to use research-related teaching practices. Using data from a national survey of academic staff in Estonia (N = 679), we observe that research-active teachers are more likely to incorporate research outcomes into teaching, to engage students in research groups, and co-publish with students. The effects vary across disciplines, types of institutions, and different practices. Furthermore, it is not only the research intensity of the teachers that matters, but it is their intrinsic interest in both teaching and research that seems to contribute most to the use of such practices. The results show the benefit of protecting the research-teaching nexus for individual academics and the need to cultivate a commitment to both research and teaching in order to capitalise on the research-intensive environment."""
NaN		1224	"Maglione, M. A., et al. (2012). """"Nonmedical interventions for children with ASD: Recommended guidelines and further research needs."""" Pediatrics 130(Suppl 2): S169-S178."""""	" Objective: To use the findings of a systematic review of scientific evidence to develop consensus guidelines on nonmedical interventions that address cognitive function and core deficits in children with autism spectrum disorders (ASDs) and to recommend priorities for future research. Methods: The guidelines were developed by a Technical Expert Panel (TEP) consisting of practitioners, researchers, and parents. A systematic overview of research findings was presented to the TEP  guideline statements were drafted, discussed, debated, edited, reassessed, and presented for formal voting. Results: The strength of evidence of efficacy varied by intervention type from insufficient to moderate. There was some evidence that greater intensity of treatment (hours per week) and greater duration (in months) led to better outcomes. The TEP agreed that children with ASD should have access to at least 25 hours per week of comprehensive intervention to address social communication, language, play skills, and maladaptive behavior. They agreed that applied behavioral analysis, integrated behavioral/developmental programs, the Picture Exchange Communication System, and various social skills interventions have shown efficacy. Based on identified gaps, they recommend that future research focus on assessment and monitoring of outcomes, addressing the needs of pre/nonverbal children and adolescents, and identifying the most effective strategies, dose, and duration to improve specific core deficits. Conclusions: The creation of treatment guidelines and recommendations for future research represents an effort by leading experts to improve access to services for children with ASDs while acknowledging that the research evidence has many gaps. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1225	"Maida, C. A., et al. (2009). """"Qualitative methods in the development of a national child and family disaster mental health research training program."""" International Journal of Emergency Mental Health 11(3): 145-154."""""	" Conducting research in the aftermath of disasters is complicated by chaotic conditions, competing priorities, and resource constraints, and raises a variety of ethical concerns. Ultimately, research should extend our understanding of the impact of disasters on children, families, and communities and translate findings into improved services and public policies that afford enhanced protection and promote recovery. Unfortunately, the existing research base on children and disasters has not been adequate to inform the development of effective psychosocial services and interventions, and decision-making about the allocation of behavioral health resources. To improve research capacity, the Child & Family Disaster Research Training & Education program provides child disaster mental health research training for mental health and public health professionals. The program has engaged a national faculty to develop a comprehensive modular disaster research curriculum covering basic concepts, current knowledge, clinical issues and interventions, research and ethical issues, public health structures, and response options. Focus groups were held prior to training to elicit the participants' knowledge of and attitudes about child and family disaster mental health research, to understand training needs, to identify research topics of interest and perceived barriers to generating and conducting research. The results were then used to refine the curriculum. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1226	"Maijoor, S. and A. Vanstraelen (2012). """"""""Research Opportunities in Auditing in the EU,"""" Revisited."""" Auditing-a Journal of Practice & Theory 31(1): 115-126."""""	" This article presents a number of research opportunities in auditing in the EU that have come along with changes in the EU regulatory framework for financial reporting and auditing during the past decade. In doing so, we build on Schilder (1996), who raised a number of key research questions, and conclude that some of those questions remain unanswered and are still relevant today. At the same time, new opportunities arise in the changed EU landscape. We identify some important areas where research can help advance our knowledge and provide relevant information for policy makers. These research areas include: public oversight, audit market concentration, audit quality, audit firm ownership structures, audit firm operating structures, audit firm governance, and auditor liability. The research questions that we raise are of global interest, but the EU market provides some unique natural experimental settings to address these questions."""
NaN		1227	"Major, J. (2011). """"Changing Pedagogical Practice in Teacher Education: Negotiating the Spaces between Realism and Relativism."""" Studying Teacher Education 7(3): 249-262."""""	" This article reports a self-study from a larger research project that explored the impact on pre-service and in-service teacher education of a new national curriculum in New Zealand and the conceptualisations of epistemological shifts signalled by that document. A pedagogical initiative to introduce inquiry-based learning into a graduate diploma course for pre-service primary teachers was the result of and the catalyst for further reflection on my practice and the (mis)alignments between my theoretical understandings and beliefs and my pedagogical choices. In this article I focus on the tensions and contradictions I encountered while attempting to enact, in a tertiary environment, a pedagogy that aligned with the underpinning principles of the new curriculum. I describe the model that I developed to understand those tensions and contradictions, which are characterised as the spaces between realism and relativism. I suggest that negotiating these spaces is part of the process of becoming a teacher and a teacher educator in the twenty-first century. (Contains 1 table.)"""
NaN		1228	"Makarevitch, I., et al. (2015). """"Authentic Research Experience and """"Big Data"""" Analysis in the Classroom: Maize Response to Abiotic Stress."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 14(3): 48."""""	" Integration of inquiry-based approaches into curriculum is transforming the way science is taught and studied in undergraduate classrooms. Incorporating quantitative reasoning and mathematical skills into authentic biology undergraduate research projects has been shown to benefit students in developing various skills necessary for future scientists and to attract students to science, technology, engineering, and mathematics disciplines. While large-scale data analysis became an essential part of modern biological research, students have few opportunities to engage in analysis of large biological data sets. RNA-seq analysis, a tool that allows precise measurement of the level of gene expression for all genes in a genome, revolutionized molecular biology and provides ample opportunities for engaging students in authentic research. We developed, implemented, and assessed a series of authentic research laboratory exercises incorporating a large data RNA-seq analysis into an introductory undergraduate classroom. Our laboratory series is focused on analyzing gene expression changes in response to abiotic stress in maize seedlings  however, it could be easily adapted to the analysis of any other biological system with available RNA-seq data. Objective and subjective assessment of student learning demonstrated gains in understanding important biological concepts and in skills related to the process of science."""
NaN		1229	"Malcolm, M. (2012). """"Examining the Implications of Learner and Supervisor Perceptions of Undergraduate Dissertation Research in Business and Management."""" Teaching in Higher Education 17(5): 565-576."""""	" A concern to ensure that the distinctive quality of teaching and learning in higher education is sustained and recognised has recently reinvigorated debate about the links between research and teaching. Currently, that debate focuses on substantiating research-teaching links and confirming broad frameworks for categorising associated academic practice and outcome. This study adopts a more exploratory approach to describing learner and supervisor experience of the honours dissertation as the capstone undergraduate research activity that integrates academic notions of research as syllabus, pedagogy and assessment. The findings of this qualitative study of the descriptions of dissertation experience contributed by supervisors and supervisees generate a more textured and actionable picture of the experience of research-teaching links, and indicate areas of shared and divergent perception of the nature and value of the dissertation experience, with implications for pedagogic practice in dissertation preparation and supervision."""
NaN		1231	"Manathunga, C., et al. (2009). """"Graduate Attribute Development and Employment Outcomes: Tracking PhD Graduates."""" Assessment & Evaluation in Higher Education 34(1): 91-103."""""	" The provision of diversified research training is regarded as one of the most significant contributions made by the Australian Cooperative Research Centres (CRC) programme [Howard Partners 2003, Evaluation of the cooperative research centres programme, Department of Education, Science and Training, Canberra, ACT]. Yet, a systematic evaluation of Australia's CRC research training programmes and outcomes has not yet been undertaken. This article reports on a pilot questionnaire designed to provide the beginnings of such an evaluation. Participants were science-based research graduates who were awarded with a PhD within the four-year period 2000-2003 and had completed the majority of their PhD project either in a university school or in a CRC environment. The questionnaire results provide insights into participants' perceptions of the graduate attributes they developed prior to and during their PhD studies. It also investigates their perceptions about the relative importance of particular skills in university and industry settings. This article argues that understanding the perceptions and employment experiences of recent research graduates is a vital way of ensuring that PhD programmes are more effectively designed to prepare research graduates for a range of careers. In particular, these results confirm the importance of constant re-evaluation and improvement of all PhD training programmes. (Contains 4 figures and 1 table.)"""
NaN		1230	"Manathunga, C., et al. (2012). """"From Knowledge Acquisition to Knowledge Production: Issues with Australian Honours Curricula."""" Teaching in Higher Education 17(2): 139-151."""""	" Although there have been increasing attempts to involve undergraduate students in conducting research, a pivotal moment when students engage in knowledge production is during honours programmes. Honours programmes, particularly those in Australia, seek to develop students' capacity to engage in higher order thinking that may lead to knowledge production. This transition is facilitated through advanced disciplinary knowledge, research training and a research project. However, there is a pedagogical tension between requiring students to engage in this deeper level of inquiry at the same time as they complete a heavy knowledge acquisition load. This paper explores how a number of disciplines in Australia balance these elements of the honours curricula. It argues that the combination of these curriculum goals can make it difficult for students to apply the knowledge they have gained in advanced disciplinary and research training courses to their research project work. This has serious implications for honours programmes. (Contains 1 table.)"""
NaN		1232	"Manganari, E. E., et al. (2014). """"Perceived consumer navigational control in travel websites."""" Journal of Hospitality & Tourism Research 38(1): 3-22."""""	" The purpose of this study is to provide a better understanding of the perceived online control effects on consumers’ behavior in the travel industry. The article uses a laboratory experiment to investigate how perceived consumer navigational control affects consumer behavior. An online travel store of a fictitious company was developed as the experimental stimulus. The findings imply that perceived navigational control affects consumers’ levels of pleasure and trust during the online navigation. In turn, pleasure and trust affect consumers’ attitude toward the online store and satisfaction. Surprisingly, consumers’ attitude is not directly affected by their perception of the level of navigational control over the travel website. Finally, gender moderates the relationship between the perceived navigational control and consumers’ attitude toward the travel website. Managerial implications regarding the development of travel websites and research opportunities are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1233	"Mangram, A. (2013). """"Innovations in geriatric trauma and resident research education: bridging the gap."""" American Journal of Surgery 206(6): 834-839."""""	" The recent history of changes in the geriatric population in the US, the unique vulnerability to different mechanisms of trauma and the need for innovative management strategies to address them are discussed using the Geriatric ""G-60'' service as an illustration. The issue is not whether geriatric trauma """"G-60'' is coming""  G-60 is here. A short detour into my own research experience is presented not as prescription but guidance for the development of futures cadres of surgeons. Resident research is not a luxury but key to transforming knowledge from benchside to bedside and back. (C) 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1234	"Manning, J. (2010). """"There is no agony like bearing an untold story inside you: Communication research as interventive practice."""" Communication Monographs 77(4): 437-439."""""	" Communication research based in the idea of generating practical findings almost certainly will encourage participants to consider their own communication stories and what they can entail. Based on my own research experiences, this is particularly true with communities in need. My own research involving GLBTQ individuals or post Hurricane Katrina communities yielded numerous thank you notes openly discussing how the research benefited personal awareness and communicative practices. Sometimes it happens directly, such as in focus groups where people challenge each other about communicative attitudes, values, and beliefs. Other times it happens postprotocol, with participants exiting the studies commenting how they learned something from the experience, how they never considered that aspect of their lives, or requesting the findings when available because they were interested in the topic. The research process when honed toward thoughtful reflection from participants, can instigate significant thoughts about those stories and allow for individuals, couples, groups, or cultures to develop a deeper understanding of self. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1235	"Mansour, N. (2015). """"Science Teachers' Views and Stereotypes of Religion, Scientists and Scientific Research: A Call for Scientist-Science Teacher Partnerships to Promote Inquiry-Based Learning."""" International Journal of Science Education 37(11): 1767-1794."""""	" Despite a growing consensus regarding the value of inquiry-based learning (IBL) for students' learning and engagement in the science classroom, the implementation of such practices continues to be a challenge. If science teachers are to use IBL to develop students' inquiry practices and encourage them to think and act as scientists, a better understanding of factors that influence their attitudes towards scientific research and scientists' practices is very much needed. Within this context there is a need to re-examine the science teachers' views of scientists and the cultural factors that might have an impact on teachers' views and pedagogical practices. A diverse group of Egyptian science teachers took part in a quantitative-qualitative study using a questionnaire and in-depth interviews to explore their views of scientists and scientific research, and to understand how they negotiated their views of scientists and scientific research in the classroom, and how these views informed their practices of using inquiry in the classroom. The findings highlighted how the teachers' cultural beliefs and views of scientists and scientific research had constructed idiosyncratic pedagogical views and practices. The study suggested implications for further research and argued for teacher professional development based on partnerships with scientists."""
NaN		1236	"Mantzoukas, S. (2007). """"Reflection and problem/enquiry-based learning: Confluences and contradictions."""" Reflective Practice 8(2): 241-253."""""	" In this article I review the historical and philosophical underpinnings of reflection and problem/enquiry-based learning (PBL/EBL). Consequently, I analyse and relate them to the delivery of the nursing curriculum in higher education. From this analysis a series of confluences and contradictions emerge between the two philosophies. Most importantly, an epistemological contradiction is identified in the production, development and assessment of knowledge. Hence, this article concludes to the assumption that reflective and PBL/EBL teaching strategies should not be conflated and be regarded as similar teaching methods. Furthermore, it is argued that the reflective epistemology of learning can seriously be devalued if these contradictions are not realized by nurse educators. Lastly, it is concluded that nurse educators are required to position themselves with regards to their preferred educational epistemology and accordingly deliver their modules. In this way, the aims of each strategy will be best achieved in the nursing curriculum. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1237	"Margolis, P., et al. (2009). """"Quality Improvement, Clinical Research, and Quality Improvement Research-Opportunities for Integration."""" Pediatric Clinics of North America 56(4): 831-+."""""	" The opportunity to mobilize linkages between quality improvement (QI) and research is at an early stage. This article describes some of the opportunities for and challenges of integrating QI and more traditional forms of clinical research to achieve broad improvements in medical care. The authors suggest that such integration would include more active experimentation in the health care delivery system and that the application of QI methods offers a rational, effective, and reasonably fast method to support the learning required to adapt new knowledge to specific practice environments and to create and test innovations needed to improve systems of care delivery."""
NaN		1238	"Maricle, G. E. (2011). """"Prediction as an Impediment to Preparedness: Lessons from the US Hurricane and Earthquake Research Enterprises."""" Minerva 49(1): 87-111."""""	" No matter one's wealth or social position, all are subject to the threats of natural hazards. Be it fire, flood, hurricane, earthquake, tornado, or drought, the reality of hazard risk is universal. In response, governments, non-profits, and the private sector all support research to study hazards. Each has a common end in mind: to increase the resilience of vulnerable communities. While this end goal is shared across hazards, the conception of how to get there can diverge considerably. The earthquake and hurricane research endeavors in the US provide an illustrative contrast. The earthquake community sets out to increase resilience through a research process that simultaneously promotes both high quality and usable - preparedness-focused - science. In order to do so, the logic suggests that research must be collaborative, responsive, and transparent. Hurricane research, by contrast, largely promotes high quality science - predictions - alone, and presumes that usability should flow from there. This process is not collaborative, responsive, or transparent. Experience suggests, however, that the latter model - hurricane research - does not prepare communities or decision makers to use the high quality science it has produced when a storm does hit. The predictions are good, but they are not used effectively. Earthquake research, on the other hand, is developed through a collaborative process that equips decision makers to know and use hazards research knowledge as soon as an earthquake hits. The contrast between the two fields suggests that earthquake research is more likely to meet the end goal of resilience than is hurricane research, and thus that communities might be more resilient to hurricanes were the model by which research is funded and conducted to change. The earthquake research experience can provide lessons for this shift. This paper employs the Public Value Mapping (PVM) framework to explore these two divergent public value logics, their end results, and opportunities for improvement."""
NaN		1239	"Marin, J. R. and A. M. Mills (2015). """"Developing a Research Agenda to Optimize Diagnostic Imaging in the Emergency Department: An Executive Summary of the 2015 Academic Emergency Medicine Consensus Conference."""" Academic Emergency Medicine 22(12): 1363-1371."""""	" The 2015 Academic Emergency Medicine (AEM) consensus conference, ""Diagnostic Imaging in the Emergency Department: A Research Agenda to Optimize Utilization,"""" was held on May 12, 2015, with the goal of developing a high-priority research agenda on which to base future research. The specific aims of the conference were to: 1) understand the current state of evidence regarding emergency department (ED) diagnostic imaging utilization and identify key opportunities, limitations, and gaps in knowledge""  2) develop a consensus-driven research agenda emphasizing priorities and opportunities for research in ED diagnostic imaging  and 3) explore specific funding mechanisms available to facilitate research in ED diagnostic imaging. Over a 2-year period, the executive committee and other experts in the field convened regularly to identify specific areas in need of future research. Six content areas within emergency diagnostic imaging were identified prior to the conference and served as the breakout groups on which consensus was achieved: clinical decision rules  use of administrative data  patient-centered outcomes research  training, education, and competency  knowledge translation and barriers to imaging optimization  and comparative effectiveness research in alternatives to traditional computed tomography use. The executive committee invited key stakeholders to assist with planning and to participate in the consensus conference to generate a multidisciplinary agenda. There were 164 individuals involved in the conference spanning various specialties, including emergency medicine (EM), radiology, surgery, medical physics, and the decision sciences. This issue of AEM is dedicated to the proceedings of the 16th annual AEM consensus conference as well as original research related to emergency diagnostic imaging. (C) 2015 by the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine"""
NaN		1240	"Marklund, L. (2015). """"Preschool Teachers' Informal Online Professional Development in Relation to Educational Use of Tablets in Swedish Preschools."""" Professional Development in Education 41(2): 236-253."""""	" This paper focuses on preschool teachers' use of online social networks for discussions about tablets in preschools. Posts initiating discussions (n = 465) were analysed to increase understanding of what questions tablets raise among preschool teachers and to understand online communication from a professional development perspective. Posts were analysed using thematic analysis in combination with the Technological Pedagogical Content Knowledge framework, which illustrates what kind of knowledge teachers need in order to teach efficiently with technology. The results indicate that traditional means of professional development are frequently discussed but that the newness of tablets in preschools makes it difficult for preschool teachers to find support in research, training and literature. Thus, communication can partly be described as collegial support. Questions often aim at urgent and specific forms of desired knowledge, possibly challenging to address by acts of reading literature, attending courses or lectures. Furthermore, market interests become visible, as providers of services and products promote lectures, books, websites and applications. As rapidly changing technologies enter the preschool practice, it seems that preschool teachers will increasingly be dependent on more direct and flexible forms of professional development."""
NaN		1241	"Marodin, G. A. and T. A. Saurin (2013). """"Implementing lean production systems: research areas and opportunities for future studies."""" International Journal of Production Research 51(22): 6663-6680."""""	" The increasing use of lean production (LP) by companies from several sectors has substantially increased the amount of publications and different emphases on the subject, which amplifies the need for organisation of that knowledge. This article aims to identify the research areas on LP implementation and to propose research opportunities. The literature review was based on 102 studies published in the years between 1996 and 2012. The studies were divided into six research areas, named: (a) structure and scope of LP systems  (b) factors that influence in the LP implementation  (c) methods for implementing LP systems  (d) LP assessment methods  (e) results of implementing LP systems  and (f) adaptation of LP to particular sectors. The findings suggested that the substantial increase on the amount of publications on LP implementation has created fragmented and dissociated areas that would benefit from integration."""
NaN		1242	"Marques, I., et al. (2014). """"Bioinformatics Projects Supporting Life-Sciences Learning in High Schools."""" Plos Computational Biology 10(1)."""""	" The interdisciplinary nature of bioinformatics makes it an ideal framework to develop activities enabling enquiry-based learning. We describe here the development and implementation of a pilot project to use bioinformatics-based research activities in high schools, called ""Bioinformatics@-school.'' It includes web-based research projects that students can pursue alone or under teacher supervision and a teacher training program. The project is organized so as to enable discussion of key results between students and teachers. After successful trials in two high schools, as measured by questionnaires, interviews, and assessment of knowledge acquisition, the project is expanding by the action of the teachers involved, who are helping us develop more content and are recruiting more teachers and schools."""""
NaN		1244	"Marshall, J. C. and R. M. Horton (2011). """"The Relationship of Teacher-Facilitated, Inquiry-Based Instruction to Student Higher-Order Thinking."""" School Science and Mathematics 111(3): 93-101."""""	" Commissions, studies, and reports continue to call for inquiry-based learning approaches in science and math that challenge students to think critically and deeply. While working with a group of middle school science and math teachers, we conducted more than 100 classroom observations, assessing several attributes of inquiry-based instruction. We sorted the observations into two groups based on whether students both explored underlying concepts before receiving explanations and contributed to the explanations. We found that in both math and science classrooms, when teachers had students both explore concepts before explanations and contribute to the explanations, a higher percent of time was spent on exploration and students were more frequently involved at a higher cognitive level. Further, we found a high positive correlation between the percent of time spent exploring concepts and the cognitive level of the students, and a negative correlation between the percent of time spent explaining concepts and the cognitive level. When we better understand how teachers who are successful in challenging students in higher-order thinking spend their time relative to various components of inquiry-based instruction, then we are better able to develop professional development experiences that help teachers transition to more desired instructional patterns. (Contains 2 tables and 3 figures.)"""
NaN		1243	"Marshall, J. C., et al. (2009). """"4E x 2 Instructional Model: Uniting Three Learning Constructs to Improve Praxis in Science and Mathematics Classrooms."""" Journal of Science Teacher Education 20(6): 501-516."""""	" After decades of research endorsing inquiry-based learning, at best only moderate success has been noted in creating effective systemic implementation in K-12 classrooms. Thus, teachers need to be better equipped in how to bring this transformation to their own classrooms. Changing beliefs and overcoming external obstacles encourages the use of inquiry, but a clear, yet dynamic, instructional model is also needed for teachers to see the potential of inquiry-based instruction. The proposed 4E x 2 (read ""4E by 2"""") Instructional Model provides such a model for learning that links strong conceptual understanding of content with inquiry learning experiences. The 4E x 2 Model integrates what we know and understand about inquiry-based teaching and learning with effective assessment and metacognitive reflection. These three constructs, formative assessment, inquiry instructional models, and metacognitive reflection, are foundational to the Model. A synthesis of research tied to these three constructs provides the justification of both the need for and the value of such a model. An argument for the formation of the 4E x 2 Instructional Model is made based on the coherence and the resulting synergy that occurs when these three learning constructs are united."""""
NaN		1245	Marshall, J. C., et al. (2013). Measuring and Facilitating Highly Effective Inquiry-Based Teaching and Learning in Science Classrooms.	" For the last decade or so there has been a huge push to incorporate best practice into the classroom. For science, this includes bringing effective inquiry-based instruction into all classrooms as a means to engage the learner. However all inquiry instruction is not equal in terms of improving student achievement and conceptual development. This chapter explores how four critical constructs to learning (curriculum, instruction, discourse, and assessment) can be effectively measured and then used to guide more effective instructional practice. The Electronic Quality of Inquiry Protocol (EQUIP) is an instrument that can be used to measure and then to frame the discussion regarding the quality of inquiry-based instructional practice. Specifically, this chapter provides an overview of EQUIP, details the reliability and validity of EQUIP, shares a sample lesson that is analyzed using EQUIP, explores ways that EQUIP can help with teacher transformation relative to inquiry instruction, and addresses the relationship of EQUIP scores and student achievement data. Mere is a very high correlation between teacher performance on EQUIP and the ensuing student growth noted during an academic year."""
NaN		1246	"Martin, S., et al. (2009). """"A comparison of adherence assessment methods utilized in the United States: Perspectives of researchers, HIV-infected children, and their caregivers."""" AIDS Patient Care and STDs 23(8): 593-601."""""	" This study sought to elucidate methodological issues in adherence research by comparing multiple methods of assessing adherence to antiretroviral medication. From 2003 to 2004, 24 youths with vertically infected HIV disease (mean age = 14.0 years  range, 8–18) and their caregivers participated in a 6-month study. These children were all on highly active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) and were relatively healthy (mean CD4 absolute count =711.8 ± 604.5). Adherence was assessed with the Medication Event Monitoring System (MEMS), pill counts, and interviews. Patients and caregivers completed the Perceptions of Adherence Study Participation (PASP) questionnaire. MEMS provided the most detailed adherence information, and good reliability was indicated by significant correlations with medical markers. Pill counts provided similar adherence rates, while patients and caregivers reported nearly perfect adherence in interviews. Problems were experienced with each method: MEMS were expensive, had cap malfunctions, and lack a consistent guiding principle for data interpretation. With pill counts, families forgot to bring all medication bottles to clinic, and interviews were compromised by social desirability and difficulty reaching families by telephone. Most patients and caregivers believed study participation improved the child's adherence, although PASP ratings were unrelated to adherence at the study endpoint. While MEMS may be most reliable, pill counts offer comparable data and are less costly, while interviews seemed least accurate in this study. Most participants reported positive perceptions of their research experience. A consensus among researchers is needed for defining and measuring adherence, and specific recommendations are offered for achieving this goal. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1247	"Martorell, I., et al. (2009). """"Inquiry-based learning for older people at a University in Spain."""" Educational Gerontology 35(8): 712-731."""""	" With the increasing number of older people in the world and their interest in education, universities play an important role in providing effective learning methodologies. This paper presents a new instructional methodology implementing inquiry-based learning (IBL) in two courses focused on alternative energies in the Program for Older People at the University of Lleida (UdL) in Spain. The instructional methodology is evaluated and results are discussed after two years of studies. The instructional methodology presented in this paper helped students to build and reinforce scientific skills and knowledge construction. This work may have potential relevance to other instructors involved in adult education. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1248	"Maschi, T., et al. (2009). """"Mapping social work students’ perceptions of the research process: A qualitative follow- Up study."""" The Journal of Baccalaureate Social Work 14(2): 63-78."""""	" The purpose of this qualitative follow- up study was to gain a better understanding of how social work research students’ thoughts, feelings, and actions evolve during the course of a 15-week research course. Using a sample of 111 BSW and MSW social work research students and qualitative data collected at two time points concerning their current research experiences, the findings revealed a variation in the temporal process of students’ thoughts, feelings, and actions about research. For many students their experience in research culminated in greater confidence, increased knowledge and skills, and appreciation of the value of research for social work practice. Internal and external obstacles and supports affected how well social work students navigated the research process. These findings have important implications for social work education and practice. Effectively engaging students in research can have long- term positive effects on achieving CSWE and NASW initiatives for the integration of research into professional practice. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1249	"Mason, K., et al. (2010). """"The Invasive Plant Species Education Guide."""" Science Teacher 77(4): 32-36."""""	" To help high school students gain a solid understanding of invasive plant species, university faculty and students from the University of Wisconsin-Stout (UW-Stout) and a local high school teacher worked together to develop the Invasive Plant Species (IPS) Education Guide. The IPS Education Guide includes nine lessons that give students an opportunity to engage in inquiry-based learning. These lessons provide a foundational knowledge about forest ecology and allow students to explore plant species. The lessons conclude with a project-based activity, in which students contribute to their community by identifying, removing, and controlling local invasive species. This article provides short summaries of each of the nine lessons included in the IPS Education Guide. (Contains 1 figure and 3 online resources.)"""
NaN		1250	Mastropieri, M. A. and T. E. Scruggs (2010). THE STUDY OF HUMAN EXCEPTIONALITY: HOW IT INFORMS OUR KNOWLEDGE OF LEARNING AND COGNITION. Literacy and Learning. T. E. Scruggs and M. A. Mastropieri. 23: 303-319.	" This chapter describes a number of research experiences of the authors, directed to increasing our understanding of exceptional individuals, most typically those with learning or behavioral disabilities. A number of examples is presented, to demonstrate how a research emphasis on exceptional persons can help to advance our understanding of human learning and cognition, and how such findings can contribute to the development of an overall, adequate theory of learning and instruction. Several general points from these experiences are presented, generally that the study of human exceptionality (a) can help to clarify our understanding of what we learn, and why we should learn it, (b) can enhance our understanding of what is ""possible,"""" (c) demonstrate that what we do is more important than who we are, (d) demonstrate that we learn best by doing, and that our experience informs our understanding, and (e) demonstrate that we are all exceptional cases."""""
NaN		1251	"Mataka, L. M. and M. G. Kowalske (2015). """"The influence of PBL on students' self-efficacy beliefs in chemistry."""" Chemistry Education Research and Practice 16(4): 929-938."""""	" A convergent mixed methods research study was used to investigate whether or not undergraduate students who participated in a problem-based learning (PBL) laboratory environment improved their self-efficacy beliefs in chemistry. The Chemistry Attitude and Experience Questionnaire (CAEQ) was used as a pre- and post-test to determine changes in students' self-efficacy beliefs in general chemistry laboratories at a Midwestern University in the USA. Interviews were used to augment the quantitative data. Paired sample t-tests were used to determine the difference in means between pre- and posttests. Analysis of variance was used to determine the influence of confounding variables. Thematic analysis was used to interpret the interview data. There was an observed improvement in students' self-efficacy beliefs using both qualitative and quantitative data. Interviews with the participants indicated that students had higher self-efficacy beliefs in chemistry for conducting chemistry experiments and for participating in undergraduate research after the PBL laboratory experience than they had before it. Students felt that PBL provided them with autonomy while exploring phenomena and allowed them to take more responsibility for their own learning. This study is significant in that it adds knowledge to research on the effects of PBL instruction and strengthens existing information on the relationship between PBL and the affective domain. Results from this study may also be informative to chemistry laboratory instructors on what PBL has to offer with regard to student outcomes."""
NaN		1252	"Maton, K. I., et al. (2012). """"Meyerhoff Scholars Program: A Strengths-Based, Institution-Wide Approach to Increasing Diversity in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics."""" Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine 79(5): 610-623."""""	" The Meyerhoff Scholars Program at the University of Maryland, Baltimore County is widely viewed as a national model of a program that enhances the number of underrepresented minority students who pursue science, technology, engineering, and mathematics PhDs. The current article provides an overview of the program and the institution-wide change process that led to its development, as well as a summary of key outcome and process evaluation research findings. African American Meyerhoff students are 5x more likely than comparison students to pursue a science, technology, engineering, and mathematics PhD. Program components viewed by the students as most beneficial include financial scholarship, being a part of the Meyerhoff Program community, the Summer Bridge program, study groups, and summer research. Qualitative findings from interviews and focus groups demonstrate the importance of the Meyerhoff Program in creating a sense of belonging and a shared identity, encouraging professional development, and emphasizing the importance of academic skills. Among Meyerhoff students, several precollege and college factors have emerged as predictors of successful entrance into a PhD program in the science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields, including precollege research excitement, precollege intrinsic math/science motivation, number of summer research experiences during college, and college grade point average. Limitations of the research to date are noted, and directions for future research are proposed. Mt Sinai J Med 79:610623, 2012 (c) 2012 Mount Sinai School of Medicine"""
NaN		1253	"Matthieu, M. M., et al. (2008). """"Accelerating Research Productivity in Social Work Programs: Perspectives on NIH's Postdoctoral T32 Research Training Mechanism."""" Social Work Research 32(4): 242-248."""""	" This article describes the experiences of four social work researchers who pursued an alternative career path immediately following their doctorate in social work by accepting a postdoctoral training fellowship funded by the National Institutes of Health (NIH). As schools of social work look for creative ways to build research capacity, this article describes the authors' perspectives regarding the considerations to accept postdocs, key elements in their training programs, lessons learned, and outcomes from training. To provide an overview of the funding mechanism and distribution of funds to institutes and centers relevant to social work, data were obtained from databases that list NIH training grants awarded each year. Study results showed a limited amount of variation in fellows' training plans. The majority of training time was spent building skill in manuscript preparation, grant development, and socialization to the NIH culture. Above all other themes, the desire for advanced research training was a critically important factor in accepting a postdoctoral training position. Finally, the outcomes of training may have a profound effect on professional development, yet the long-term trajectory of postdoctoral fellows in academic positions as compared with people without postdoctoral training in social work programs requires further study."""
NaN		1254	"Maxwell, D. O., et al. (2015). """"Effects of Using Inquiry-Based Learning on Science Achievement for Fifth-Grade Students."""" Asia-Pacific Forum on Science Learning and Teaching 16(1): 31."""""	" The purpose of this research was to examine the effects of Inquiry-Based Learning (IBL) on the academic achievement, attitudes, and engagement of fifth-grade science students. Participants were from two science classes (N = 42). The experimental group received IBL instruction, while the control group received traditional instruction. Pretests and posttests were used to measure students' academic achievement during the 6-week study. The Science Attitudes Survey was administered to students pre-intervention and post-intervention to assess overall student attitudes about science. Student engagement was measured 3 days a week with a student engagement checklist. Fieldnotes recorded by the teacher-researcher were used for additional documentation. Students in the IBL group scored higher than students in the traditional group on the academic achievement posttest, although not statistically significant. Students who received IBL instruction showed a slight statistically insignificant decrease in their positive attitudes towards science but higher engagement as compared to students who received traditional instruction."""
NaN		1255	"May, R. C., et al. (2016). """"Institutional erosion and its effects on Russia's corporate leadership."""" Journal of Leadership & Organizational Studies 23(2): 191-207."""""	" From 2000 to 2015, Vladimir Putin presided over Russia’s retreat from a nascent, market-based economy to a more familiar, yet problematic state-centered system. Grounded in statist ideology, Putin successfully leveraged the Russian people’s culturally embedded proclivity for personal networking in assembling his administrative coalition of former KGB, military, and government ministry connections known as the siloviki. This circle of trusted advisors would become instrumental in achieving Putin’s comprehensive agenda for the wholesale deinstitutionalization of Russia’s formal institutional context. In this article, we provide a dual-level perspective of the longitudinal erosion in Russia’s independent media, electoral process, judicial independence, and civil society, along with the corresponding effects on the attitudes and behaviors of Russia’s corporate leadership. Our insider view of organizational leadership comes from more than 20 years of interacting with Russian executives through research, training, and consulting, as well as the personal accounts provided by our Russian associate who worked closely with a single corporate leader in banking from 2000 to 2015. Russia’s institutional erosion presents significant challenges for conducting business as well as opportunities for research in the midst of a nearly unimaginable institutional reversal in one of the world’s most important transition economies. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1256	"Mayson, S. and J. Schapper (2012). """"Constructing Teaching and Research Relations from the Top: An Analysis of Senior Manager Discourses on Research-Led Teaching."""" Higher Education: The International Journal of Higher Education and Educational Planning 64(4): 473-487."""""	" To show how research and teaching, core academic activities are discursively shaped through policy discussion we critically identify and examine the institutional effects of senior academics' discourses on research-led teaching. The analysis sheds light on the interrelationship between university policy and the powerful and productive effects of senior management ""talk"""" in framing the object of policy, the relations between research and teaching. Our approach moves analysis of the teaching and research relationship beyond system-wide debates and challenges, to a detailed study of the effects of institutional ideology and attendant discourses. Our analysis of senior academic managers' interview data reveals that implicit in the call to construct a stronger alignment between teaching and research, is the valorisation of research at the expense of teaching and learning which is problematised and devalued. Our contention is that policy implementation based on these simplified assumptions may well strengthen university research outcomes but in doing so may prove unsuccessful in improving teaching and learning outcomes. The contribution of our analysis is that it surfaces complexities that underpin apparently instrumental and normative institutional policy prescriptions and in so doing contributes to a deeper understanding of the political and practical effects of senior managers' views on policy implementation."""""
NaN		1257	"Mazmanian, P. E., et al. (2014). """"Are Researcher Development Interventions, Alone or in Any Combination, Effective in Improving Researcher Behavior? A Systematic Review."""" Evaluation & the Health Professions 37(1): 114-139."""""	" No abstract provided. Reasons unknown- -RK"""
NaN		1258	"Mazure, E. S. and K. M. Alpi (2015). """"Librarian readiness for research partnerships."""" Journal of the Medical Library Association 103(2): 91-95."""""	" This study investigated health sciences librarians' knowledge and skill-based readiness to partner on sponsored research involving human participants. The authors developed and deployed, at two time points, a web-based survey on nine indicators of research activities with response choices reflecting the transtheoretical model of stages of behavior change. Librarians with research experience or membership in the Medical Library Association Research Section reported higher levels of having completed indicators. Our results suggest that creating awareness in precontemplation responders could encourage skill development. Mentoring and continuing education could support librarians who are contemplating or preparing to perform indicator activities."""
NaN		1259	"Mbizvo, M. T., et al. (2012). """"40 years of innovation in sexual and reproductive health."""" The Lancet 380(9843): 705-706."""""	" The UN has been involved in matters concerning human reproduction since 1951, when the Indian Government requested assistance from WHO to introduce the rhythm method of family planning. In 1965 WHO established a Human Reproduction Unit with a mandate that included advising member states on family planning. The unit eventually evolved into the Expanded (later Special) Program of Research, Development and Research Training in Human Reproduction (Human Reproduction Program, HRP), which was formally established in 1972 'with the aim of developing a variety of safe, acceptable and effective methods for fertility regulation and of monitoring the long-term safety and efficacy of existing methods as well as the support of institutions capable of conducting such work'. The UN Development Program, UN Population Fund, and the World Bank joined WHO as official cosponsors of HRP in 1988. By 1990, HRP had produced evidence that hormonal contraception for men was feasible and had embarked on a vast program of social science and operations research to improve the quality, availability, and demand for reproductive health-care services. In 1998, HRP merged with WHO’s Division of Reproductive Health (Technical Support) into a new Department of Reproductive Health and Research to ensure continuous dialogue between research and the process of knowledge exchange, advocacy, and technical support to national programs. Huge disparities in sexual and reproductive health within and between countries point to the challenges of adapting present knowledge and technology to low resource settings. HRP is well positioned to respond in view of its 40 years of experience, its network of collaborating centers, its ability to convene many partners around global issues, and its unique position within the UN system, which will become even stronger since UNAIDS and UNICEF have proposed to join HRP as a permanent member and co-sponsor, respectively. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1260	"McAllister, C. J., et al. (2013). """"Participant experience of invasive research in adults with intellectual disability."""" Journal of Medical Ethics: Journal of the Institute of Medical Ethics 39(9): 594-597."""""	" Clinical research is a necessity if effective and safe treatments are to be developed. However, this may well include the need for research that is best described as ‘invasive’ in that it may be associated with some discomfort or inconvenience. Limitations in the undertaking of invasive research involving people with intellectual disabilities (ID) are perhaps related to anxieties within the academic community and among ethics committees  however, the consequence of this neglect is that innovative treatments specific to people with ID may not be developed. Such concerns are likely to continue while there is limited published knowledge regarding the actual experiences of people with ID who have participated in invasive clinical research. As part of a pilot study trialling the novel use of a surgically inserted device to curb overeating in people with Prader–Willi syndrome (PWS) we have investigated the experience of research through semistructured qualitative interviews involving three participants and their carers. Thematic analysis revealed that the adults with PWS and their family carers rated their participation positively, seeing it as a rewarding and enriching experience. This brief report discusses findings from our interview data in order to highlight strategies which may ensure that research is acceptable to participants, meets the necessary ethical standards and is able to achieve the aims set out by the researchers. To our knowledge, this is the first study to record experiences directly from people with PWS and their carers regarding their involvement in invasive clinical research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1261	"McCallin, A. and S. Nayar (2012). """"Postgraduate Research Supervision: A Critical Review of Current Practice."""" Teaching in Higher Education 17(1): 63-74."""""	" Changes in the funding and delivery of research programmes at the university level have, in recent years, resulted in significant changes to research supervision. This paper critically reviews key influences effecting postgraduate supervision. Analysis draws on literature spanning 2000-2010 to determine the appropriateness of traditional models of postgraduate research curricula and supervision for the New Zealand context. Influences discussed include the research context, faculty issues, supervision pedagogy and models of supervision. Each area is analysed for strengths and challenges and contribution to the knowledge economy. From this review, the authors propose strategies for the development of postgraduate research supervision: faculty development, including supervisor education, and formalised research training for students."""
NaN		1262	"McCarthy, G. and J. J. Fitzpatrick (2008). """"Research development in a university nursing school in Southern Ireland."""" International Nursing Review 55(4): 379-386."""""	" The aim of this paper is to present the strategies used in one newly established university School of Nursing and Midwifery in Southern Ireland to develop research capacity. The case study was guided by an agreed strategic plan which included changing the research culture  providing focused and appropriate research training  mentoring of junior staff, employment of an external consultant  provision of funding for PhD progression  and institutional support at all levels. Success is profiled in relation to establishment of research themes, publications, research funding awarded, and numbers of students registered for PhDs. Challenges in further improving research productivity are also discussed."""
NaN		1263	"McConney, A., et al. (2014). """"Inquiry, Engagement, and Literacy in Science: A Retrospective, Cross-National Analysis Using PISA 2006."""" Science Education 98(6): 963-980."""""	" In this study, we examine patterns of students' literacy and engagement in science associated with different levels of ""inquiry-oriented"""" learning reported by students in Australia, Canada, and New Zealand. To achieve this, we analyzed data from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development's 2006 Programme for International Student Assessment, which had science as its focus. Consistently, our findings show that science students who report experiencing """"low levels of inquiry-oriented learning activities"""" are found to have above-average levels of science literacy, but below-average levels of interest in science, and below-average levels on six variables that reflect students' engagement in science. Our findings show that the corollary is also true. Across the three countries, students who report """"high levels of inquiry-oriented learning activities"""" in science are observed to have below-average levels of science literacy, but above-average levels of interest in learning science, and above-average engagement in science. These findings appear to run counter to science education orthodoxy that the more students experience inquiry-oriented teaching and learning, the more likely they are to have stronger science literacy, as well as more positive affect toward science. We discuss the implications of these findings for science educators and researchers."""""
NaN		1264	"McCormick, M., et al. (2015). """"Assessing Students' Motivation to Engage in Sustainable Engineering."""" International Journal of Sustainability in Higher Education 16(2): 136-154."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this study was to design an assessment instrument to evaluate students' attitudes toward sustainable engineering (SE). Factors that impact SE beliefs could then be explored. Design/methodology/approach: Using the definition of sustainability from the Brundtland report and expectancy value theory, students' sentiment toward SE was evaluated using items to assess SE self-efficacy, SE value and SE affect. The survey was distributed at three diverse universities with 515 responses from students ranging from first year through graduate studies in a variety of engineering majors. The survey instrument was validated using principal components analysis, and internal reliability was established via high Cronbach's alpha for each construct. Findings: Participation in more experiential, enriching learning experiences correlated to higher SE self-efficacy, value and affect. Extracurricular club involvement correlated with a lower self-efficacy but high SE value. Students who had participated in undergraduate research had a high SE self-efficacy, particularly in the environmental and social sub-scales. The students who participated in internships had high SE self-efficacy but lower SE affect. A greater number of volunteer hours correlated with increased SE affect. Female students possessed higher SE value and affect than male students, but self-efficacy was not significantly different. SE self-efficacy increased with academic rank. Originality/value: This is the first effort to measure engineering students' attitudes toward SE using the three sub-scales of expectancy value theory and assessing correlations in these attributes with students' participation in various learning experiences."""
NaN		1265	"McCright, A. M. (2012). """"Enhancing Students' Scientific and Quantitative Literacies through an Inquiry-Based Learning Project on Climate Change."""" Journal of the Scholarship of Teaching and Learning 12(4): 86-101."""""	" Promoting sustainability and dealing with complex environmental problems like climate change demand a citizenry with considerable scientific and quantitative literacy. In particular, students in the STEM disciplines of (biophysical) science, technology, engineering, and mathematics need to develop interdisciplinary skills that help them understand the social dynamics of environmental problems and solutions. To this end, this study examines how participation in a semester-long inquiry-based learning project that involves sociological research on climate change beliefs, attitudes, and behaviors enhances the scientific and quantitative literacies of STEM students. The results suggest that participation in a sociological inquiry-based learning project helps STEM students to (a) improve their knowledge of scientific and statistical principles and processes, (b) hone their scientific research skills, and (c) gain respect for sociology specifically and social science more generally. While the inquiry-based learning project described here deals with climate change, educators can adapt it to deal with other environmental social science research topics (e.g., water use, energy conservation, food security, sustainability). (Contains 1 figure and 5 tables.)"""
NaN		1266	"McCrystal, P. and G. Wilson (2009). """"Research training and professional social work education: Developing research-minded practice."""" Social Work Education 28(8): 856-872."""""	" The movement towards developing practice more firmly grounded on empirical research has, arguably, been one of the most significant international trends in social work during the past decade. However, in the UK the implications of this trend for pedagogical practices and the design of educational programmes have still to be fully explored. This paper reports on the findings of a repeated cross-sectional survey of MSW students in Queen’s University Belfast which focused on their perceptions of the value of research training to professional practice. The study, conducted over a four year period, explored students’ awareness of the relationship between research and practice and their readiness to engage with research training. The findings suggested that the majority of students perceived research training as a valuable component of professional development. However, the study also found a level of scepticism among students about its practical utility along with some resistance towards actively embracing a research agenda. The paper evaluates the significance of these findings for developing research and evidence-based practice as integral components of the new degrees in social work in the UK and for social work education programmes in other countries aiming to develop research-minded practice. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1267	"McDevitt, A. L., et al. (2016). """"Insights into Student Gains from Undergraduate Research Using Pre- and Post-Assessments."""" BioScience 66(12): 1070-1078."""""	" Undergraduate research experiences in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields expose students to scientific research and are thought to increase student retention in STEM. We developed a pre- and post-survey and administered it to the participants of the Harvard Forest Summer Research Program in Ecology (HF-SRPE) to evaluate the effectiveness of these programmatic goals. Between 2005 and 2015, the survey was sent to all 263 HF-SRPE participants  79% completed it. Results, controlled for prior experiences, revealed significant improvements across all learning goals. Prior laboratory research experience and perception of being a respected member of a research team were positively associated with gains in research skills and abilities to do and present research. Although the pre- and post-surveys did not indicate changes in the students' goals of pursuing STEM and/or environmental careers, the positive learning gains suggest that students with prior interests in STEM fields take advantage of UREs to solidify further their aspirations in STEM."""
NaN		1268	"McDonald, C. V. (2013). """"An Examination of Preservice Primary Teachers' Written Arguments in an Open Inquiry Laboratory Task."""" Science Education International 24(3): 254-281."""""	" This study assessed the quality of preservice primary teachers' written arguments in an open inquiry laboratory task. An analysis of the features of the laboratory task was also undertaken to ascertain the characteristics of the task that facilitated or constrained the development of participants' written arguments. Australian preservice primary teachers (n = 12) took part in a chemistry content course incorporating an inquiry oriented learning environment, explicit argumentation instruction, and numerous opportunities to engage in argumentation. Data sources included group written artefacts from an open inquiry laboratory task, and results indicated that two of the three groups failed to produce quality arguments in the written task. Data analysis indicates that a myriad of factors may have mediated groups' argument quality in the laboratory task including the adequacy of individual participants' background science conceptual knowledge, a lack of argumentation scaffolds in the task, the non-provision of alternative data, viewing the data as self-evident, a reliance on traditional reporting genres, and the non-inclusion of critical discussions. The laboratory task included a number of cognitive and epistemological features which were not aligned with authentic scientific inquiry including limited opportunities for extensive data transformation, complex theory-data coordination, utilisation of complex methods, multiple types of reasoning, generalisation of results to other contexts, and engaging in the review of ""expert research"""". Implications of these findings highlight the importance of scrutinising the inquiry tasks learners engage with, in the chemistry laboratory context, to ensure they promote authentic scientific reasoning."""""
NaN		1269	"McEwen, B. S. and P. Tucker (2011). """"Critical biological pathways for chronic psychosocial stress and research opportunities to advance the consideration of stress in chemical risk assessment."""" American Journal of Public Health 101(Suppl 1): 131-139."""""	" Emerging evidence suggests that psychosocial stress and toxicants may interact to modify health risks. Stress–toxicant interactions could be important in chemical risk assessment, but these interactions are poorly understood and additional research is necessary to advance their application. Environmental health research can increase knowledge of these interactions by exploring hypotheses on allostatic load, which measures the cumulative impacts of stress across multiple physiological pathways, using knowledge about physiological pathways for stress related health effects, and evidence of common target pathways for both stress and toxicants. In this article, critical physiological pathways for stress related health effects are discussed, with specific attention to allostatic load and stress–toxicant interactions, concluding with research suggestions for potential applications of such research in chemical risk assessment. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1270	"McGaghie, W. C. (2008). """"Research Opportunities in Simulation-based Medical Education Using Deliberate Practice."""" Academic Emergency Medicine 15(11): 995-1001."""""	" There are many opportunities for the academic emergency medicine (EM) community to engage in simulation-based educational research using deliberate practice (DP). This article begins by defining and giving examples of two key concepts: deliberate practice and mastery learning. The article proceeds to report six lessons learned from a research legacy in simulation-based medical education (SBME). It concludes by listing and amplifying 10 DP research opportunities in academic EM. A coda states that the research agenda is rich and ambitious and should focus on the goal of educating superb, expert clinicians."""
NaN		1271	"McGee, R., et al. (2012). """"Diversity in the Biomedical Research Workforce: Developing Talent."""" Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine 79(3): 397-411."""""	" Much has been written about the need for and barriers to achievement of greater diversity in the biomedical workforce from the perspectives of gender, race, and ethnicity  this is not a new topic. These discussions often center around a pipeline metaphor that imagines students flowing through a series of experiences to eventually arrive at a science career. Here we argue that diversity will only be achieved if the primary focus is on (1) what is happening within the pipeline, not just counting individuals entering and leaving it  (2) de-emphasizing the achievement of academic milestones by typical ages  and (3) adopting approaches that most effectively develop talent. Students may develop skills at different rates based on factors such as earlier access to educational resources, exposure to science (especially research experiences), and competing demands for time and attention during high school and college. Therefore, there is wide variety among students at any point along the pipeline. Taking this view requires letting go of imagining the pipeline as a sequence of age-dependent steps in favor of milestones of skill and talent development decoupled from age or educational stage. Emphasizing talent development opens up many new approaches for science training outside of traditional degree programs. This article provides examples of such approaches, including interventions at the postbaccalaureate and PhD levels, as well as a novel coaching model that incorporates well-established social science theories and complements traditional mentoring. These approaches could significantly impact diversity by developing scientific talent, especially among currently underrepresented minorities. Mt Sinai J Med 2012 DOI: 10.1002/msj.21310"""
NaN		1272	"McGinn, A. P., et al. (2015). """"Mentoring in Clinical-Translational Research: A Study of Participants in Master's Degree Programs."""" Cts-Clinical and Translational Science 8(6): 746-753."""""	" Research projects in translational science are increasingly complex and require interdisciplinary collaborations. In the context of training translational researchers, this suggests that multiple mentors may be needed in different content areas. This study explored mentoring structure as it relates to perceived mentoring effectiveness and other characteristics of master's-level trainees in clinical-translational research training programs. A cross-sectional online survey of recent graduates of clinical research master's program was conducted. Of 73 surveys distributed, 56.2% (n = 41) complete responses were analyzed. Trainees were overwhelmingly positive about participation in their master's programs and the impact it had on their professional development. Overall the majority (75%) of trainees perceived they had effective mentoring in terms of developing skills needed for conducting clinical-translational research. Fewer trainees perceived effective mentoring in career development and work-life balance. In all 15 areas of mentoring effectiveness assessed, higher rates of perceived mentor effectiveness was seen among trainees with 2 mentors compared to those with solo mentoring (SM). In addition, trainees with 2 mentors perceived having effective mentoring in more mentoring aspects (median: 14.0  IQR: 12.0-15.0) than trainees with SM (median: 10.5  IQR: 8.0-14.5). Results from this survey suggest having 2 mentors may be beneficial in fulfilling trainee expectations for mentoring in clinical-translational training."""
NaN		1273	"McGoldrick, K. (2008). """"Writing Requirements and Economic Research Opportunities in the Undergraduate Curriculum: Results from a Survey of Departmental Practices."""" Journal of Economic Education 39(3): 287-296."""""	" In a review of the purpose and structure of the undergraduate economics major, J. Siegfried et al. (1991) suggested that every student should be required to ""do economics"""" and specifically recommended the development of skills through writing requirements and research-oriented courses, as in a capstone experience. The author describes results of a survey of economics departments at U.S. institutions designed to determine the degree to which writing assignments are required and the existence and form of research-oriented opportunities, such as honors, capstone and senior experiences, and the senior thesis. Results indicate that, although a majority of departments (70 percent) require a writing component as part of the major, less than half offer research-intensive experiences consistent with capstone and senior experience courses (49 percent), honors programs (37 percent), or senior theses (17 percent). When institutions offer such research courses, however, respondents state overwhelmingly that such experiences are indeed designed to encourage students to develop skills associated with """"doing economics."""" (Contains 5 tables and 3 notes.)"""""
NaN		1274	"McGregor, D., et al. (2010). """"Supporting Professional Learning through Teacher Educator Enquiries: An Ethnographic Insight into Developing Understandings and Changing Identities."""" Professional Development in Education 36(1): 27."""""	" The Educational Doctorate (EdD) at the University of Wolverhampton offers educational practitioners the opportunity to design a research enquiry based in, on or around their professional work. The cohort, reported on here, embarked upon their EdD studies during the 2007/08 academic year. This study reports on seven participants' learning experiences. It was anticipated that for these teacher educators, reflecting on others' studies and engaging with developing their own particular enquiries on, with or through their practice has significantly impacted upon their understandings of the research process ""and"""" supported development of their research identities. Transformative personal and professional learning was evidenced by the Enquiry Design module outcomes. Dilemmas relating to the professional identity of the participants arising through reflection on existing perceptions of practice and pedagogy, evolving knowledge, understanding and constructs of research and associated ethical issues were anticipated and supported by social constructivist processes. The findings of the study indicate how a social constructivist approach to teaching research design can support teacher enquiries focused on a range of issues including developing the nature of reflectivity, enhancing professional learning, emancipating practice, enhancing constructive collaborative discussions, improving problem-solving pedagogy, making judgements about effectiveness of training and supporting affective accreditation. This article provides an ethnographic insight to the nature of these teacher educators' research-led learning journeys. Applying interpretative lenses to reflective narratives, including the use of visual metaphors, illuminates the meanings made of and through research endeavours, whilst also revealing the development of researcher identity. Analysis of the metaphors and other textual artefacts uncovered aspects of, and progress in, personal and professional learning related to research. The article argues that shared meaning-making processes supported teacher educators whilst endeavouring to achieve parallel research goals when embarking on a research learning journey. Development of beliefs about research and researcher identity were transactional rather than transmissional, subjectively complex and dynamic rather than technical, and paid much more attention to the process rather than the """"end product"""". (Contains 1 table and 5 figures.)"""""
NaN		1275	"McHarg, J. and E. J. Kay (2008). """"The anatomy of a new dental curriculum."""" British Dental Journal 204(11): 635-638."""""	" The goal of all dental schools is to develop competent, knowledgeable dentists who have excellent communication skills and a sense of social responsibility. This paper describes the theoretical reasoning behind the design of an innovative dental curriculum constructed from first principles in the UK. The recognised theories of psychologists, educationalists and sociologists of the twentieth century have informed our educational decisions. In practice, this translates to a blended learning environment with problem-based learning (PBL) case scenarios at its heart. The learning of clinical and communication skills, which begins in year 1, week 1, is absolutely integral to the case scenarios, as are ethics and professionalism. PBL is supported by a comprehensive e-learning platform, plenary lectures, workshops, clinical and life science teaching delivered by core academic staff and guest speakers who are the experts in our 'community of practice' in which the students are the novices. We believe that the whole is best described as 'enquiry-based learning'."""
NaN		1276	"McHarg, J., et al. (2012). """"Students' engagement with their group in a problem-based learning curriculum."""" European Journal of Dental Education 16(1): E106-E110."""""	" Introduction: In a new enquiry-based learning dental curriculum, problem-based learning (PBL) was chosen as a central methodology because it promotes a collaborative and constructive approach to learning. However, inevitably, some groups function worse than others. This study explores the relationship between group functionality and individuals results on knowledge-based assessment. It also sought to establish whether using the Belbin team role theory could improve group functionality. Methods: Students completed the Belbin team role inventory that assigns individuals to a team role type and were allocated to either an ideal Belbin group or a control group. To evaluate the functionality of the groups, Macgowan's group engagement measure was completed after 18 and 31 weeks for each student by their group facilitator. The scores were summed and averaged giving a group engagement score for each group. Relationships between group engagement, individual performance in assessment in weeks 18 and 31 and Belbin and non-Belbin teams were investigated. Results: Individual group engagement scores and performance in the knowledge tests had a statistically significant positive relationship despite the small number of students involved (62). However, no correlation was shown between Belbin groups and group engagement scores. Conclusions: Those students who engaged most with the PBL process performed markedly better in assessments of knowledge. Using Belbin's team role theory to place students in PBL groups in an effort to increase group functionality had no effect when compared with non-Belbin control groups."""
NaN		1277	"McKenzie, K. B. and J. J. Scheurich (2008). """"Teacher Resistance to Improvement of Schools with Diverse Students."""" International Journal of Leadership in Education 11(2): 117-133."""""	" Two university researchers who have considerable practitioner and research experience in urban schools conducted an interventionist action research project in collaboration with the professional staff of a diverse urban elementary school. The goal was to collaborate with the administration, faculty and staff in an average urban elementary school to improve the academic success of all students and all student groups regardless of the race, ethnicity and family income of the students and their families. While analyses of the school's state accountability data indicated that there was some improvement in the academic success of the school's diverse students, particularly among the lowest scoring student group, problems that arose in this process led the researchers to identify four themes of resistance to school change. These were ""externals are the cause of low achievement and achievement gaps"""", """"accountability systems are destructive to my teaching"""", """"suggesting change is critique"""" and """"we are not leaders"""". Following a description of the themes, implications and recommendations are briefly discussed. (Contains 4 notes.)"""""
NaN		1278	"McKinney, K. and M. Busher (2011). """"The Sociology Research Experience Capstone Course at Three Institutions."""" Teaching Sociology 39(3): 290-302."""""	" This study describes the objectives, structures, and outcomes of a one-semester, required sociology research capstone course as taught at three institutions. Pre- and postquestionnaires from students, syllabi from instructors, and a random sample of final research papers were analyzed. Results indicate that the main foci of the course are to conduct research, produce a paper or thesis, develop writing and presentation skills, and integrate past learning. Instruction in this course includes numerous best practices from the literature on teaching and learning. There appears to be an underemphasis, however, on helping students to apply theory in their projects. The theses reveal a wide range of topics, methodological approaches, and quality, with the introduction/literature review and discussion/conclusion sections receiving the lowest quality scores. (Contains 5 notes and 4 tables.)"""
NaN		1279	"McKinney, P., et al. (2011). """"Information literacy through inquiry A Level One psychology module at the University of Sheffield."""" Aslib Proceedings 63(2-3): 221-240."""""	" Purpose - This paper aims to report on the evaluation of a curriculum development project that took place in the Department of Psychology at the University of Sheffield. The project, funded by a Centre for Excellence in Teaching and Learning (CILASS), sought to embed information literacy development in a Level One module using an inquiry-based learning pedagogical approach. Students worked collaboratively to find news stories that were purportedly based on real psychological research and then searched for the related research paper. They reflected on this task and the differences between the two sources as part of the assessed work for the module. Design/methodology/approach - The paper synthesizes the results of a number of evaluation instruments (questionnaire, information literacy competency test, focus group, student reflective work) to examine staff and student perceptions of the inquiry task, and how effective the task was in building students' information literacy. A ""Theory of Change"""" evaluation methodology was used to define the scope of evaluation activities. Findings - The SCONUL Seven Pillars of Information Literacy model is used to structure the findings from the various evaluation methods. Students developed their knowledge of, and ability to search, appropriate academic resources, although they demonstrated a preference for searching via Google Scholar over Web of Knowledge. Originality/value - Students demonstrated through their reflective comments that they had developed significant abilities to compare and evaluate news stories and journal articles, although they reported a lack of confidence in these abilities. Postgraduate tutors thought the inquiry task was successful in developing students' information literacy and both students and staff responded positively to the ability to choose topics of interest to investigate."""""
NaN		1280	"McLaughlin, J. and D. A. Arbeider (2008). """"Evaluating multimedia-learning tools based on authentic research data that teach biology concepts and environmental stewardship."""" Contemporary Issues in Technology & Teacher Education 8(1): 45-64."""""	" High school science teachers and students need interactive, multimedia research-based learning objects that (a) support standards-based teaching, (b) enforce complex thinking and problem solving, (c) embrace research skills, (d) include appropriate assessments to measure student performance, and (e) show 'realworld' uses. To meet these five criteria, the CHANCE modules have been purposefully designed to allow students to 'learn how things work' using realworld research data. These modules pace students through images and text that help them to interpret biological and ecological principles. Indeed, each module has been carefully field tested with practicing in-service and preservice science teachers and real students to assure its effectiveness. Notably, the integration of authentic scientific research with sequenced, interactive computer simulations create a solid curriculum base of national interest that has laid the groundwork for additional materials collections that capitalize on the resources of communities that surround schools in particular regions of the country. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1281	"McLaughlin, J. S. (2010). """"Reimagining Science Education and Pedagogical Tools: Blending Research with Teaching."""" EDUCAUSE Quarterly 33(1): 24."""""	" The future of higher education in the sciences will be marked by programs that link skilled educators and research scientists from around the world with teachers for professional development and with students for high-impact learning--either virtually or physically in the field. These programs will use technology where possible to build new and effective multimedia learning environments and strategies that transition students out of simple inquiry-based learning tools (textbooks and PowerPoint slides, for example, or ""drill and practice"""" paradigms) and toward professional science practice itself (research, more student responsibility, problem-solving paradigms that focus on student understanding and application of knowledge). In 21st century science classrooms, the power of experiential teaching and learning, in which the use of technology replaces in-class lectures or readings and color-coded diagrams from a textbook as the medium of experience, will prevail. Because of this, science education will be more rigorous, relevant, and based on relationships with stakeholders beyond the confines of academic walls. The author believes that student research is the most effective vehicle for developing true scientific understanding. Thus, she has spent her academic life transforming the textbook method of teaching biology into dynamic pedagogical methods of learning that immerse students in biological concepts and real-world issues by engaging them directly in research. She knows that by blending research with teaching she has helped open her students' eyes, allowing them to view the biodiversity of the living world from a research perspective. The flagship element of this teaching method is a professional development program she founded and directs, called CHANCE, for Connecting Humans and Nature through Conservation Experiences. In this article, the author illustrates the ways in which the CHANCE program enhances scientific understanding through a combination of active learning techniques centered on scientific research. She provides an overview of the field course model, the modules and their development, and data supporting the effectiveness of each. (Contains 5 figures, 4 tables and 12 endnotes.)"""""
NaN		1282	"McManus, M. M. and R. M. Aiken (2016). """"Supporting Effective Collaboration: Using a Rearview Mirror to Look Forward."""" International Journal of Artificial Intelligence in Education 26(1): 365-377."""""	" Our original research, to design and develop an Intelligent Collaborative Learning System (ICLS), yielded the creation of a Group Leader Tutor software system which utilizes a Collaborative Skills Network to monitor students working collaboratively in a networked environment. The Collaborative Skills Network was a conceptualization of collaborative skills and subskills associated with particular sentence openers. The Group Leader (GL) Tutor taught students effective use of collaboration skills while they worked in Jigsaw Teams on a Local Area Network (LAN). In their discussions, students selected sentence openers associated with particular collaborative skills defined in the Collaborative Skills Network, completing them with free-form sentence closers. Subsequent researchers leveraged this system in various ways including incorporating intelligent agents, expanding the Collaborative Skills Network, and matching sentence openers with appropriate sentence closers. The universal use of the Internet, responsive user interfaces, and learning management systems (LMS) have since provided additional research opportunities using more powerful technology. The ICLS research continues to hold promise for future applications and extensions of our model to new domains. Addressing the needs of both traditional students as well as adult learners in e-learning environments, even MOOCs, may extend the reach of our research into the future. Additionally, enhanced assessment of students' learning outcomes may help improve their collaborative skills."""
NaN		1283	"McNichol, H., et al. (2011). """"An ecological footprint for an early learning centre: Identifying opportunities for early childhood sustainability education through interdisciplinary research."""" Environmental Education Research 17(5): 689-704."""""	" In this study, engineers and educators worked together to adapt and apply the ecological footprint (EF) methodology to an early learning centre in Brisbane, Australia. Results were analysed to determine how environmental impact can be reduced at the study site and more generally across early childhood settings. It was found that food, transport and energy consumption had the largest impact on the centre’s overall footprint. In transport and energy, early childhood centres can reduce their impact through infrastructure and cultural change, in association with changed curriculum strategies. Building design, the type of energy purchased and appliance usage can all be modified to reduce the energy footprint. The transport footprint can be reduced through more families using active and public transport, which can be encouraged by providing information, support and facilities and appropriate siting of new centres. Introducing the concept of ecological footprint in early childhood education may be an effective way to educate children, staff and parents on the links between the food they eat, land usage and environmental impact. This study responds directly to the call in this journal for research focused on early childhood education and for more to be made of interdisciplinary research opportunities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1284	"McPhail, G. J. (2016). """"From aspirations to practice: curriculum challenges for a new 'twenty-first-century' secondary school."""" Curriculum Journal 27(4): 518-537."""""	" This paper reports on the initial stages of an empirical study of a new secondary school in New Zealand. The school vision and organisation reflect current international twenty-first-century learning discourse by confronting long-established beliefs concerning the nature of education and knowledge and the roles of teachers and students. The school's focus is on developing the dispositions and competencies of students through thematic, intersubject, inquiry-based learning. While these twenty-first-century ideas appear widely accepted worldwide, there is little research on the impact of these ideas on student learning. This study considers the challenges faced by the school in moving from aspirational vision to curriculum enactment during its first 18 months of operation. The focus of this paper is the curriculum design and development process. The issues faced by staff in this twenty-first-century school will be of interest to educationalists worldwide who are involved with the planning of new schools and curricular innovation within existing schools. Four key questions that arise from the study and that will form the focus of future research are identified."""
NaN		1285	"Medeiros, G. C. and F. Lotufo-Neto (2014). """"Brazil’s need for mental health services with cross-cultural competence."""" International Journal of Social Psychiatry 60(8): 829-830."""""	" The article discusses about the needs for mental health services with cross-cultural competence in Brazil. According to evaluations of the Pastoral Service for Migrants (2008), there are approximately 600,000 illegal immigrants in Brazil. The fact is that transcultural care has become increasingly frequent in the Brazilian medical practice. However, the emphasis on research, training and development of services with cross cultural competence is still small in Brazil. Improving access to health care is a core requirement of foreigners in Brazil, as evidenced by the recent report of the 1st Conference of Municipal Policies for Immigrants in São Paulo. Immigrants, particularly refugees, have a substantially higher risk for developing a variety of mental disorders. There are evidences suggesting that chronic pain, somatic and psychotic symptoms are also more common in these populations. Moreover, the practice of Psychiatry and Psychology is heavily dependent on communication and on the mental state examination. In short, the installation and expansion of mental health services cross-culturally prepared must be a core concern because if we do not properly address the mental health of this population we could harm the Brazilian society as a whole. Further research on the profile of immigrants and on the effectiveness of these mental health services is needed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1286	"Medina, L., et al. (2015). """"Training and capacity building evaluation: Maximizing resources and results with Success Case Method."""" Evaluation and Program Planning 52: 126-132."""""	" This article describes the use of Success Case Method (Brinkerhoff, 2003) to evaluate health promotion and public health training programs. The goal of the Office Community Research and Engagement (OCRE) of the Puerto Rico Clinical and Translational Research Consortium (PRCTRC) is to establish a stable and sustainable translational research capacity. Early efforts toward achieving this goal included sponsoring two independent research training programs. A description of the implementation of the five step Success Case Method is presented. Results reveal that SCM would deem both trainings as highly successful, based upon the overall impact of a low number of success cases. However, a traditional summative evaluation would consider this disappointing. Strengths of SCM are discussed. It was concluded that the Success Case Method is a useful and valuable evaluative method for measuring the success of health promotion and public health training initiatives and provides sufficient information for decision-making processes. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1287	"Meeks, S., et al. (2015). """"The BE-ACTIV project: How research, professional training, education, and practice were integrated in a single clinical trial."""" Gerontology & Geriatrics Education 36(3): 318-329."""""	" This article describes how research, practice, and education were integrated in a National Institutes of Mental Health-funded clinical trial for treating depression in nursing homes. Involving undergraduate and doctoral students in this clinical trial supported the development of key competencies, expanded the professional pipeline, and provided an avenue for disseminating the treatment to other settings. The clinical trial served as a teaching laboratory for sixteen undergraduate and six doctoral students to (1) observe the culture of older adults in nursing homes, (2) develop and adapt clinical skills to a challenging patient population, (3) refine skills for collaborating in multidisciplinary teams, and (4) appreciate the relationship between science and practice. Dissemination of the intervention to nonresearch settings was served when the students took their skills to the settings where they launched their careers. Involvement of trainees in clinical trial research expands and enriches the capacity of the health care workforce in evidence-based practice and practice-informed research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1288	"Meekums, B. (2008). """"Embodied Narratives in Becoming a Counselling Trainer: An Autoethnographic Study."""" British Journal of Guidance & Counselling 36(3): 287-301."""""	" This autoethnographic study addresses the newly appointed counselling trainer's question ""How did I get here?"""" The procedure is described, and findings are presented as partial narratives of the Wounded Dancer, poems and prose written from different voices. Themes are revealed of love, healing, risk taking, unconventionality, physicality and overcoming physical limitations. """"Wounded healer"""" stories are inscribed alongside """"powerful body""""/""""subversive body"""" stories. The role of the father is considered in facilitating these stories, including the tomboy throwing off """"definitions of what it means to be a girl"""". The study is evaluated in terms of Richardson's (2000) criteria. One contribution to knowledge lies in the methodology's potential application to research-led learning and teaching with counsellor education. (Contains 6 figures and 1 note.)"""""
NaN		1289	"Mehrdad, N., et al. (2008). """"Iranian nurses' attitudes toward research utilisation."""" Journal of Research in Nursing 13(1): 53-65."""""	" Research utilisation poses significant challenges for the nursing profession in Iran. Nurses' attitudes toward research and their motivation to engage in research utilisation have repeatedly been identified as potential barriers. Yet little is known about the attitudes of Iranian nurses' regarding research. Therefore, there is a need for a study that focuses particularly on Iranian nurses' attitudes toward research utilisation. The objective was to assess the attitude of Iranian clinical nurses and nurse educators towards nursing research. A self-administered questionnaire based on a cross-sectional survey conducted on 410 respondents from 15 educational hospitals and nursing schools affiliated to Tehran Medical Sciences University, Iran. According to the self-report, nurses generally held positive attitudes toward research. Education, professional role and research activities had a statistically significant relationship with their research attitudes. Although the attitudes towards research were positive, they do not perceive that research is relevant to the day-to-day work of nursing and research is not applicable to nursing as well. The majority of nurses are still not convinced of the importance of research to nursing practice and to the nursing profession. This, in turn, means that nurses do not implement research findings in clinical practice. There is an immediate need to improve research training in our teaching hospital to facilitate the development of the local literature both in terms of research utilisation and production. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1290	"Melles, G. (2009). """"Global perspectives on structured research training in doctorates of design - what do we value?"""" Design Studies 30(3): 255-271."""""	" The development of doctorates of design has generated debate about the characteristics of appropriate doctoral curriculum, including structured research training. While such training has long formed part of the North American doctorate it has more recently appeared as a component of European and Australian programs. Despite its significance, the global spread of structured coursework in doctorates of design and faculty and student attitudes to this remain unexamined. This study examined the significance of research training in doctorates of design (n = 153) and attitudes to such training (n = 102) among faculty and students. This study concludes with observations about the nature and growing significance of research training in doctoral design and the need for further detailed research of the issue. Crown Copyright (C) 2008 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1291	"Melnikas, B. (2011). """"Knowledge Economy: Synergy Effects, Interinstitutional Interaction and Internationalization Processes."""" Inzinerine Ekonomika-Engineering Economics 22(4): 367-379."""""	" Various aspects of the synergy effects, the new tendencies of the processes of creating knowledge based society and the knowledge economy, as well as institutional interaction and the processes of internationalization of scientific and technological progress are described in the article. The main idea is that the creation and development processes of the knowledge based society and knowledge economy may be attributed to the category of synergy effects oriented processes, therefore, all general phenomena and characteristics of synergy effects oriented processes in general, are absolutely typical for the creation and development of the knowledge based society and knowledge economy. The institutional interaction and the processes of the internationalization of scientific and technological progress could be described as the typical synergy effects oriented processes. The institutional interaction and the processes of the internationalization of the scientific and technological progress analyzed in the general context of the creating of knowledge based society and knowledge economy. The new definitions of the knowledge based society and knowledge economy are described. The main principles of creating the knowledge based society and knowledge economy are presented. Creating and modernization of the knowledge based society and knowledge economy are very complicated processes, oriented to the formation of the new quality of society and qualitatively new lifestyle, these processes may be described as ""twice"""" as complicated, because they win distinction by orientations to the pursuit of new quality in two aspects: - the knowledge based society and knowledge economy, compared to """"traditional"""" society and economy, are in all cases described as qualitatively new""  - creating and development of the knowledge based society and knowledge economy takes place under the conditions of the global changes, which means that qualitative changes take place in all global space, the essence of those changes is the creation and spread of the knowledge based society and knowledge economy. A special attention is given to the conclusion that in the environment of the knowledge based society creation and generating knowledge economy and development, the provisions for effective institutional interaction and for complex cultural, mental, social, economic and technological interaction in the context of internationalization processes The following general conclusions are made: - the processes of creating knowledge based society and generating knowledge economy and its further development should be understood as the undivided unity  - the processes of creating knowledge based society and generating knowledge economy and its further development should be perceived as relevant to all spheres of life - meaning social, economic and political life, culture, advancement of science and technologies, interaction with nature in general and environment in particular  - the processes of creating knowledge based society and generating knowledge economy and its further development should be comprehended as the ones providing economic preconditions for the modernization of the society and refinement of its life in accordance with the standards, norms and values of knowledge based society  - the processes of creating knowledge based society and knowledge economy and further development should be interpreted as a multi-dimensional and extremely complex and uninterrupted process which manifests itself in cyclical changes and leaps towards higher quality standards  - the complex approach towards knowledge based society and knowledge economy creation and further development should be implemented in all stages of scientific research, studies and practical activities, including the prioritizing various programmes on multi-and cross-disciplinary research and studies, as well as strategic solutions of the complex character in various stages of regional development, planning and designing of economic and technological leaps. - the processes of creating knowledge based society and knowledge economy and further development should be analyzed and assessed in the context of the priorities of synergy effects oriented processes, including - processes of institutional interaction and internationalization of the scientific and technological progress. This article provides exhaustive exploration of the possibilities to improve the institutional interaction, including - interoperability among different systems operating in the overall scientific and technological progress, in addition, it discloses principles of mutual interoperability among the organizations operating in scientific research, training, studies, consultancy and business development and other entities, as well as trends for the development are highlighted here. The main focus is put on the internationalization processes and state policies in science and technology. The processes of creating knowledge based society and knowledge economy and further development should be analyzed and assessed in the context of processes of globalization and internationalization, as well as processes of global transformations."""
NaN		1292	"Melville, W. and A. Bartley (2010). """"Mentoring and Community: Inquiry as stance and science as inquiry."""" International Journal of Science Education 32(6): 807-828."""""	" In this article, we investigate how mentoring relationships founded on inquiry as stance can work to emphasize the conditions that promote the development of teachers of science as inquiry. Drawing on data collected through semi-structured interviews, we have developed two narrative case studies based on the two mentoring relationships that exist between three teachers: Will, Dan, and Cathy. Will entered the teaching profession in 1966, and has acted as a mentor for Dan since he commenced teaching in 1982. Similarly, Dan has mentored Cathy since she commenced teaching in 1999. By following two generations of mentoring relationships, we have gained insights into the potential for inquiry as stance to assist the promotion of the professional development standards of the National Science Education Standards. Our data and analysis clearly point to the need for mentoring relationships to exist within larger inquiry-based communities if they are to produce rapid and sustained changes to teacher practice."""
NaN		1293	"Mendes, E., et al. (2014). """"Conceptual Maps for Training Tutors in the Distance Learning of Business Administration Course."""" International Journal on E-Learning 13(4): 451-466."""""	" This article aims at reporting on the process of tutors training for the planning of distance education at the undergraduate Administration course at the Federal University of Uberlandia-Brazil. It describes a participatory research training of tutors in the use of concept mapping (CM) and concept mapping software to encourage individual contribution and cooperation in the context staff development for distance education. The results are presented of collectively constructed conceptual curricular network maps that demonstrate the cooperation and metacognitive thought of the instructors in creating these maps. The maps represents, topologically, a general and integrated vision of the Declarative Knowledge (What), Procedimental (How) and (Why)--a Structural Knowledge in accordance with the constructivist epistemology of the human brain. The cooperative elaboration of the curricular maps shows the understanding of the importance of this aid in the process of metacognition, and some of the resulting applications in the planning of Distance Learning. It illustrates CM that represents A) Metacognitive exercises of the instructors, B) General and integrated vision of curricular, C) Alignment between CM and revised educational taxonomies."""
NaN		1294	"Mendes, I. A. C. and M. H. P. Marziale (2008). """"Developing competencies for drug demand reduction."""" Revista Latino-Americana de Enfermagem 16(4): 505-506."""""	" Since the last quarter of the 20th Century, public policies in different countries have highlighted the goal of reducing the demand for legal and illegal drugs. The same orientation is followed by international organizations which, allied to governments, are developing programs to facilitate the achievement of this goal. This supplement of the Latin American Journal of Nursing (RLAE) includes articles of alumni from the first and second versions of the on-line specialization program in research training about the Drugs Phenomenon - PREINVEST. Thus, for the forth time, RLAE joins this movement that involves professionals and institutions from several countries, contributing to the execution of a clear alcohol and drugs demand reduction policy, with preventive actions involving decentralization in cities, attempting to involve the organized civil society, giving priority to the most vulnerable communities, developing human resources with competencies in the specialty area, promoting inter-disciplinary and continued actions, including contents on the topic in the curricula and disseminating research results originated from these efforts. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1295	"Mendoza, N. S., et al. (2013). """"Social work and postdoctoral experience."""" Social Work Research 37(1): 76-80."""""	" This article provides an overview of postdoctoral research training opportunities for a variety of substantive areas and describes the potential benefits of postdoctoral training. It highlights some potential drawbacks that should be considered when deciding whether to complete a postdoctoral research position. Doctoral education has been the primary conduit for social workers to develop research skills and is an important component in achieving a long-term research-based career. It has been a traditional step in the education process for the physical sciences but has not played a similar role in the career of most social work scholars. There are currently a range of postdoctoral research training opportunities available to social workers. This can increase the likelihood of successfully securing a postdoctoral position and can also ensure that candidates and mentors are ready to engage rapidly, even at the start of the program. In conclusion, social work doctoral students should consider postdoctoral research training as an appropriate next step following graduation and think carefully about how these opportunities can help a junior scholar achieve professional goals. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1296	"Menegatos, L., et al. (2010). """"Friends Don't Let Jane Hook Up Drunk: A Qualitative Analysis of Participation in a Simulation of College Drinking-Related Decisions."""" Communication Education 59(3): 374-388."""""	" LET'S TALK ABOUT IT (LTAI) (Lederman, Stewart, Bates, Greenberg, LeGreco, & Schuwerk, 2007), a scenario-based alcohol prevention simulation, has been used in a curriculum infusion design to promote healthy alcohol-related decision making among college students. Its use offers a unique research opportunity to explore students' beliefs and talk about sex and friendships in the culture of college drinking. This study examines students' alcohol-related decisions and discussion of those decisions. In the simulated drinking context LTAI, participants have to decide what to do about an intoxicated female friend in a scenario in which a new male acquaintance invites her to go to his place. A qualitative observation and analysis of 141 undergraduate students' discussions about the situation and their decisions in it about how to treat their friend revealed two major themes: the importance of relational factors in students' decision making, and the variety of communicative strategies employed to protect their friends. In addition, the use of curriculum infusion and simulations regarding college drinking provided students with complex yet salient communication problems to investigate while also addressing a major health concern."""
NaN		1297	"Mensah, G. A. (2016). """"THE INAUGURAL ELIJAH B. SAUNDERS MEMORIAL LECTURE: THE GLOBAL CONSEQUENCES OF HYPERTENSION AND RELATED DISPARITIES."""" Ethnicity & Disease 26(3): 461-468."""""	" This inaugural memorial lecture provides an opportunity to celebrate the life of Elijah B. Saunders, MD, FACC and pays tribute to his pioneering spirit in the quest to advance health equity in the prevention and control of hypertension and cardiovascular diseases. It also enables an assessment of the state of the global burden of hypertension and related disparities. Despite the remarkable biomedical research progress made over the last half-century, hypertension remains the leading risk factor for global disease burden and the major preventable contributor to cardiovascular and all-cause mortality. Additionally, disparities in hypertension-related morbidity and mortality remain pervasive worldwide. National hypertension control rates showing progress often mask important suboptimal treatment and control in population groups defined by sex, race, ethnicity, geography, and social and environmental determinants. Within these groups, many hypertension-related disparities remain largely unchanged while other gaps have widened. In essence, current research has been relatively ineffective in guiding largescale, sustained elimination of hypertension-related disparities. An important explanation for these observations may be the significant advances made in observational epidemiological research, especially in improved surveillance and data collection that document the extent of disparities in marked contrast to the relative paucity of interventional disparities research. The paucity of these interventional research studies remains a continuing challenge. The time has come for renewed efforts in building strategic partnerships that leverage transdisciplinary, multi-sectoral expertise to provide global leadership in interventional implementation research for hypertension control and elimination of related disparities. Developing an appropriately skilled implementation research workforce will be crucial. The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute and its biomedical research funding partners remain committed to a strategic agenda of implementation research, training, and education for the prevention and control of hypertension and elimination of related disparities."""
NaN		1298	"Merani, S., et al. (2014). """"Research Productivity of Residents and Surgeons With Formal Research Training."""" Journal of Surgical Education 71(6): 865-870."""""	" OBJECTIVE: The spectrum of the surgeon-scientist ranges from a clinician who participates in the occasional research collaboration to the predominantly academic scientist with no involvement in clinical work. Training surgeon-scientists can involve resource-intense and lengthy training programs, including Masters and PhD degrees. Despite high enrollment rates in such programs, limited data exist regarding their outcome. The aim of the study was to investigate the scientific productivity of general surgeons who completed Masters or PhD graduate training compared with those who completed clinical residency training only. DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study of graduates of general surgery residency was conducted over 2 decades. Data regarding graduation year, dedicated research training type, as well as publication volume, authorship role, and publication impact of surgeons during and after training, were analyzed. SETTING: The study was conducted in 2 general surgery residency training programs in Canada (University of Alberta and University of Toronto). PARTICIPANTS: A cohort of 323 surgeons who completed general surgery residency between 1998 and 2012. RESULTS: Overall, 25% of surgeons obtained graduate-level research degrees. Surgeons with graduate degrees were proportionately more likely to participate in research publications both during training (100% of PhD, 82% of Masters, and 38% of clinical-only graduates, p < 0.05) and after training (91% of PhD, 81% of Masters, and 44% of clinical-only graduates, p < 0.05). Among surgeons involved in publication, the individual publication volume and impact of publication were highest among those with PhD degrees, as compared with clinical-only or Masters training. CONCLUSIONS: The volume and impact of research publication of PhD-trained surgeon-scientists are significandy higher than those having clinical-only and Masters training. The additional 1 or 2 years of training to obtain a PhD over a Masters degree significantly nurtures trainees to hone research skills within a supervised environment and should be encouraged for research-inclined residents. (C) 2014 Association of Program Directors in Surgery. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1299	"Merolla, D. M. and R. T. Serpe (2013). """"STEM Enrichment Programs and Graduate School Matriculation: The Role of Science Identity Salience."""" Social Psychology of Education: An International Journal 16(4): 575-597."""""	" Improving the state of science education in the United States has become a national priority. One response to this problem has been the implementation of STEM enrichment programs designed to increase the number of students that enter graduate programs in science. Current research indicates enrichment programs have positive effects for student performance, degree completion, interest in science and graduate enrollment. Moreover, research suggests that beyond improving performance in STEM, and providing access to research experience and faculty mentoring, enrichment programs may also increase the degree to which students identify as scientists. However, researchers investigating the role of science identity on student outcomes have focused primarily on subjective outcomes, leaving a critical question of whether science identity also influences objective outcomes such as whether students attend graduate school. Using identity theory, this study addresses this issue by investigating science identity as a mechanism linking enrichment program participation to matriculation into graduate science programs. Quantitative results from a panel study of 694 students indicate that science identity salience, along with research experience and college GPA, mediate the effect of enrichment program participation on graduate school matriculation. Further, results indicate that although the social psychological process by which science identity salience develops operates independently from student GPA, science identity amplifies the effect of achievement on graduate school matriculation. These results indicate that policies seeking to increase the efficacy of enrichment programs and increase representation in STEM graduate programs should be sensitive to the social and academic aspects of STEM education."""
NaN		1300	"Merwin, S. L., et al. (2014). """"A Preliminary Report on the Initiation of a Clinical Research Program in an Orthopaedic Surgery Department: Roadmaps and Tool Kits."""" Journal of Surgical Education 71(1): 43-51."""""	" OBJECTIVE: A formal research program enhances resident training experience, productivity and hones critical appraisal skills. This initiative sought to investigate if an academic orthopaedic surgery department could implement a clinical research program, with the goal of increasing resident scholarly activity, a requirement of the Resident Review Committee, and achieve a parallel aim of enhancing the research focus of faculty. DESIGN: A multifaceted intervention including a needs assessment, appropriation of dedicated research staffing, development of tracking tools and policies, and a formalized research curriculum, followed by additional research time for residents was planned and implemented. The impact of all of these efforts is measured with specific outcomes, pre and post implementation. SETTING: The North Shore-LIJ Orthopaedic Surgery Department is a high volume clinical and education program with 17 fulltime core faculty and 18 residents at 2 tertiary hospitals. PARTICIPANTS: Residents were the focus of the intervention. The participation of faculty as principal investigators and sponsors was a key component to ensure success. RESULTS: The following outcomes were observed post intervention: increases in institutionally-required research training for faculty/residents, number of IRB protocols submitted, abstracts submitted to national meetings, percentage of time faculty report they spend on research activities, additional hours allocated to the new Department sponsored research curriculum and an additional research rotation for trainees. CONCLUSIONS: The official inception of a formalized program (2012) with a structured research process, invigorated faculty and trainees to formulate clinical research inquiries, generate hypotheses, create protocols and design and implement protocols. Structured tools, an experienced clinical research ""champion"""" and commitment from departmental leadership were demonstrated as effective in transforming the focus of a clinical department into one with a nascent clinical research program, with demonstrable outcomes. (C) 2014 Association of Program Directors in Surgery. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""""
NaN		1301	"Messmer, C., et al. (2010). """"A Technique to Perfuse Cadavers That Extends the Useful Life of Fresh Tissues: The Duke Experience."""" Anatomical Sciences Education 3(4): 191-194."""""	" The demand for laboratory-based teaching and training is increasing worldwide as medical training and education confront the pressures of shorter training time and rising costs. This article presents a cost-effective perfusion technique that extends the useful life of fresh tissue. Refrigerated cadavers are preserved in their natural state for up to 45 days with a daily working period of ten hours. Tissues maintain their color and natural consistency throughout this period. This new process for preservation of tissue opens the door to improved surgical training and to numerous research opportunities. Anat Sci Educ 3: 191-194,2010. (C) 2010 American Association of Anatomists."""
NaN		1302	"Mets, B., et al. (2007). """"Leadership of United States academic anesthesiology programs 2006: Chairperson characteristics and accomplishments."""" Anesthesia and Analgesia 105(5): 1338-1345."""""	" We conducted an Iriternet-based survey of all current academic anesthesiology chairpersons to benchmark their characteristics and accomplishments, as well as to gain insights that might be useful to aspirant department chairs. RESULTS: The response rate was 55%  chairs were predominantly male (92%), with medical graduates (82%), had undergone a research (31%) or a clinical fellowship (57%), were full professors (86%) and practiced most commonly as generalists and 0 in intensive care. Chairs had a significant record of scholarship, including a median of 30 peer-reviewed papers, and an average of 11.0 industry and 2.7 federal grants. Thirty-two percent served as editors of peer-reviewed journals and 42% have served as president/ chairman of national committees. Fullv 30% of current chairs had previous experience as a chair. Sixty-eight percent of current chairs decided early in their career (at the resident/fellow or assistant professor level) that they wished to be a chair. In advising aspirant chairs, the most helpful experience to being a chair was that of having served as a vice chair, and the highest rated advice was to become a division director. Chairs were predominantly satisfied with their position (median 3 of 10) and 44% would return to clinical anesthesiology after chairmanship. CONCLUSIONS: The survey suggests that anesthesiology chairs value peer-reviewed research, scholarship, and academic achievement, but do not believe that significant research experience is of great benefit to functioning as a chair. (Anesth Analg 2007 105:1338-45)"""
NaN		1303	"Metz, A. M. (2008). """"Teaching Statistics in Biology: Using Inquiry-Based Learning to Strengthen Understanding of Statistical Analysis in Biology Laboratory Courses."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 7(3): 317-326."""""	" There is an increasing need for students in the biological sciences to build a strong foundation in quantitative approaches to data analyses. Although most science, engineering, and math field majors are required to take at least one statistics course, statistical analysis is poorly integrated into undergraduate biology course work, particularly at the lower-division level. Elements of statistics were incorporated into an introductory biology course, including a review of statistics concepts and opportunity for students to perform statistical analysis in a biological context. Learning gains were measured with an 11-item statistics learning survey instrument developed for the course. Students showed a statistically significant 25% (p less than 0.005) increase in statistics knowledge after completing introductory biology. Students improved their scores on the survey after completing introductory biology, even if they had previously completed an introductory statistics course (9%, improvement p less than 0.005). Students retested 1 yr after completing introductory biology showed no loss of their statistics knowledge as measured by this instrument, suggesting that the use of statistics in biology course work may aid long-term retention of statistics knowledge. No statistically significant differences in learning were detected between male and female students in the study. (Contains 3 tables and 4 figures.)"""
NaN		1304	"Meyer-Bahlburg, H. F. L., et al. (2010). """"Development and Validation of the Pregnancy and Infant Orientation Questionnaire."""" Journal of Sex Research 47(6): 598-610."""""	" The purpose of this study was the construction, scaling, and scale validation of a self-report questionnaire assessing biographical information and motivation for pregnancy and infant care in men and women with disorders of sex development or other gender variations of potential clinical relevance. The overall design of the questionnaire and the initial item pool were derived from related clinical and research experience. Collection of pilot data and, where appropriate, scale construction (via principal components analyses) were based on Canadian convenience samples of heterosexual (HET) and non-HET men and women (N=414). A sample of gender-dysphoric (GDYS) men and women (n=45) was added for validity analysis. Validation of the resulting scales was based on the demonstration of expected scale differences between HET men and women, as well as between HET, non-HET, and GDYS men and between HET, non-HET, and GDYS women, and was successful with one exception. This study concludes that this new questionnaire, in addition to its descriptive sections, provides several distinct scales related to desires for child bearing and child rearing and has good psychometric properties."""
NaN		1305	"Mezzacappa, E., et al. (2012). """"Promoting Scholarship during Child and Adolescent Psychiatry Residency."""" Academic Psychiatry 36(6): 443-447."""""	" Background: In 2003, the Institute of Medicine (IOM) drew attention to the critical national shortage of psychiatrist-researchers and the need for competency-based curricula to promote research training during psychiatry residency as one way to address this shortage at the institutional level. Here, the authors report on the adaptation, implementation, and results attained with a broadly applicable, developmental, competency-based framework for promoting scholarship during child and adolescent psychiatry residency. Methods: The authors instituted structural program changes, protecting time for all residents to engage in scholarly pursuits and a mentorship program to support residents in their scholarly interests. The authors assessed five graduating classes before and five classes after these changes were implemented, examining whether these changes sustained scholarship for residents with previous experience during general psychiatry residency and whether they promoted emergence of new scholarship among residents without such experience. Results: The authors observed a tenfold increase in the number of residents engaged in rigorously-defined scholarly pursuits after the program changes, which helped sustain the scholarship of more residents with previous experience and promoted the emergence of more new scholarship among residents without previous experience. Conclusion: The authors conclude that it is possible to sustain and promote scholarship during child psychiatry residency despite the relatively short duration of the program and the many requirements for graduation and certification. The changes implemented were universal in scope and required no special funding mechanisms, making this approach potentially exportable to other training programs. (Contains 2 tables.)"""
NaN		1306	"Mgone, C. (2008). """"The emerging shape of a global HIV research agenda: how partnerships between Northern and Southern researchers are addressing questions relevant to both."""" Current Opinion in Hiv and Aids 3(4): 521-525."""""	" Purpose of review In this review I will narrate and discuss recent North-South health research partnerships and how such partnerships are of mutual benefit to both. Recent developments Globalization has shrunk the world into a virtual single community in which actions of individuals may have global repercussion. The ever-improving accessibility to fast communications through both transportation and knowledge and information exchange is making this virtual community even smaller. The current large global burden of diseases of poverty, made worse by the HIV/AIDS pandemic is a major concern for all. Although the South bears the brunt of this burden and is disproportionately adversely affected, the ill effects are global. Among these effects, include global poverty, development constraints and insecurity. It is no wonder that scientists from both north and south are working together to mitigate the effects of this scourge for the mutual benefit of all. Summary Despite a period of 25 years since the onset of the HIV/AIDS pandemic many challenges still abound. A preventive vaccine is still illusive and care and prevention programmes not universal. To mitigate this several global initiatives and North-South partnerships are working together for the common good. Such collaborations seen in academic settings, research institutions, networks of excellence and the private sector engage in research, training and service provision. This cooperation includes discovery and evaluations of HIV vaccine candidates as well as treatment and prevention methods."""
NaN		1307	"Michael, J. M. (2015). """"The origins of the Asia-Pacific Academic Consortium for Public Health and the philosophy behind its establishment."""" Asia-Pacific Journal of Public Health 27(1): 7-10."""""	" This article provides an overview of Asia-Pacific Academic Consortium for Public Health (APACPH). The philosophy behind the establishment of the APACPH could be summarized as addressing the need for the academic public health communities to enhance their individual educational and research capacities through regional collaboration as a means of benefiting their individual nation’s future health status while also directly influencing positive global public health enhancement in the Asia-Pacific region. The first objective was to raise the quality and the relevance of professional education in public health and primary health care. The second objective was to expand knowledge, improve skills, and demonstrate effective intervention methodologies to serve the field of public health, and to do that through the process of joint research, training, and service projects. The third objective was for the institutions to direct increased resources to pressing health problems through better relationships between and among academic communities. The fourth objective was to improve the quality of learning opportunities for graduate students in public and community health through enhanced curriculum development. A fifth objective was added in 1986 placing a priority on child survival as an important aspect of primary health care. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1308	"Mikołajewska, E. (2013). """"Wheelchair-related falls—A review."""" International Journal on Disability and Human Development 12(3): 259-266."""""	" A wheelchair, as a basic equipment for disabled, older, and weak persons, gives them a chance for independent living. Knowledge of the most frequent circumstances of wheelchair-related falls is a key part of medical science and clinical practice. It allows the wheelchair user to anticipate the threat of falls and take appropriate precautions, thereby improving the results of therapy and care. This article aims to discuss the influence of wheelchair- related falls to the results of therapy and care by synthesizing published literature. The article also aims to investigate the extent to which available research opportunities are being exploited, including the direction of further research. Three major databases were searched to identify relevant articles using specific keywords as well as inclusion and exclusion criteria. Representative literature was synthesized to present the thematic scope and weight of current evidence. Up to this point, synthesized literature appears to confirm the hypothesis that wheelchair-related falls have a significantly negative influence on the results of therapy and care. There is a need for a common effective prevention policy in the area of wheelchair-related falls. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1309	"Milbrandt, E. B., et al. (2010). """"Toward an Integrated Research Agenda for Critical Illness in Aging."""" American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine 182(8): 995-1003."""""	" Aging brings an increased predisposition to critical illness. Patients older than 65 years of age account for approximately half of all intensive care unit (ICU) admissions in the United States, a proportion that is expected to increase considerably with the aging of the population. Emerging research suggests that elderly survivors of intensive care suffer significant long-term sequelae, including accelerated age-related functional decline. Existing evidence-based interventions are frequently underused and their efficacy untested in older subjects. Improving ICU outcomes in the elderly will require not only better methods for translating sound science into improved ICU practice but also an enhanced understanding of the underlying molecular, physiological, and pathophysiological interactions of critical illness with the aging process itself. Yet, significant barriers to research for critical illness in aging exist. We review the state of knowledge and identify gaps in knowledge, research opportunities, and barriers to research, with the goal of promoting an integrated research agenda for critical illness in aging."""
NaN		1310	"Millan, N. and A. Bromage (2011). """"An Initial Approach to the Integration of Web 2.0 Technologies in the Research Environment."""" Interactive Technology and Smart Education 8(3): 148-160."""""	" Purpose: The paper comprises an extended discussion of the possibilities that Web 2.0 applications offer to doctoral researchers, and where such applications fit in the early twenty-first century in the research environment. It explores the main issues associated with their use by doctoral researchers, and how these factors have influenced the design of a series of four information and communication technologies (ICT) development courses. Design/methodology/approach: Over 29 Web 2.0 applications were reviewed and grouped into 13 subject categories in terms of how they might support the activities of doctoral researchers. The resulting categories were then themed into four different groups to facilitate the delivery in order to address where and how Web 2.0 applications can enhance doctoral researchers' activities. Findings: Four groups of applications emerged: social networking, online project collaboration, online virtual desks and reusable multi-media. The four groups were developed into four courses that together comprise a new ICT skills development module intended for doctoral researchers. Social implications: In terms of portability, the 13 categories of web-based applications identified could, when taken together, comprise the infrastructure for a complete research environment that can be accessed anywhere in the world on an internet-connected PC or laptop. The aim of the module is to enhance the research experience of doctoral researchers by raising awareness of the potential and possibilities associated with using Web 2.0 applications in the research environment. Originality/value: The paper offers both ICT developers and doctoral researchers insights into the possibilities and problems of using Web 2.0 applications in the process of academic research."""
NaN		1311	Millar, T., et al. (2015). Using Biotinylated Proteins to Demonstrate Immunodetection of Antigens via Western Blotting, Dot Blots, and Immunohistochemistry. Detection of Blotted Proteins: Methods and Protocols. B. T. Kurien and R. H. Scofield. 1314: 151-164.	" Using biotinylated targets for detection by enzyme-linked avidin allows immunodetection methods to become more economic in cost and time as it negates the need for a specific primary antibody. Methods are described to use exogenously added biotin to complex biological samples to demonstrate western blotting, dot blots, and immunohistochemistry. These methods can be used in biological science tertiary teaching laboratories to allow novices to gain skills in a risk-free environment to promote student motivation and engagement."""
NaN		1312	"Miller, C. W., et al. (2013). """"Extending Your Research Team: Learning Benefits When a Laboratory Partners with a Classroom."""" BioScience 63(9): 754-762."""""	" Classroom research experiences can provide outstanding learning opportunities for undergraduate students while also benefiting faculty research programs. However, such courses often require more faculty work than traditional lecture-based courses do, potentially discouraging instructors. Here, we propose one solution. We describe a research-based course designed and implemented by multiple members of a research team. The students in this course measured insects for an evolutionary genetics experiment while participating in classroom-based discussions, readings, and presentations focused on the nature of science. The benefits of the course were threefold. First, the students reported strong positive gains in understanding the nature of science and their attitudes toward science. Second, this course produced publishable data, which benefited faculty research. Third, members of the research team received valuable training in teaching, teamwork, and data management. If incorporated more widely in undergraduate curricula, courses such as this one could improve both research programs and undergraduate education."""
NaN		1313	"Miller, M. J. and K. Sendrowitz (2011). """"Counseling Psychology Trainees' Social Justice Interest and Commitment."""" Journal of Counseling Psychology 58(2): 159-169."""""	" Scholars within the field of counseling psychology have for some time now articulated eloquent and compelling calls for attending to social justice in the social sciences. To date, counseling psychologists have been at the forefront of addressing social justice issues in research, practice, and professional development. The present study advances empirical perspectives on social justice by testing the external validity of M. J. Miller et al.'s (2009) social-cognitive model of social justice interest and commitment in a sample of 229 doctoral trainees in counseling psychology. Present findings support the ability of the model to explain, in part, counseling psychology trainees' social justice interest and commitment. In addition, the present study provides novel findings that demonstrate the direct and indirect ways in which program training environment and personal moral imperative relate to social justice interest and commitment. Study limitations, future directions for research, and implications for training are discussed."""
NaN		1314	"Miller, N. (2017). """"Teaching inquiry to high school teachers through the use of Mathematics Action Research Projects."""" PRIMUS: Problems, Resources, and Issues in Mathematics Undergraduate Studies 27(1): 33-46."""""	" This paper describes the use of Mathematics Action Research Projects (ARPs) as a capstone experience in lieu of a Master’s Thesis in a Master’s program for in-service secondary teachers. The ARPs include two primary components: (i) each teacher participant conducts mathematical research that is new to them on a topic that is connected in some way to the material they teach in one of their classes  and (ii) each teacher participant also creates an in-class innovation related to the mathematical research they have been doing, and implements it in their own classroom. Ten teacher participants have completed such ARPs with the author over the last 3 years. In completing their ARPs, teacher participants not only learn how to conduct mathematical inquiry themselves, but also most often choose to implement some kind of inquiry-based classroom innovation that allows them to share some of this experience with their own students. This course structure has had the effect of encouraging teachers to decide to try more inquiry-based teaching methods, and at the same time, has given them the knowledge and tools to be successful in doing so. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1316	"Miller, S. M. and K. Rintelmann (2007). """"Research Practicum in Rehabilitation Counselor Education: Learning Research through Hands-on Experience."""" Rehabilitation Education 21(1): 27-32."""""	" The purpose of this paper is to discuss the research thesis as an educational tool and to propose the research practicum as an alternative to the thesis in rehabilitation counselor education programs. The research practicum has the potential to become an important learning opportunity which will provide rehabilitation counseling students with real-life research experience, without requiring the completion of an actual thesis. This is intended to prepare students to become more intelligent consumers and producers of research in their future work settings."""
NaN		1315	"Miller, S. M., et al. (2013). """"Tailored telephone counseling to improve adherence to follow-up regimens after an abnormal pap smear among minority, underserved women."""" Patient Education and Counseling 93(3): 488-495."""""	" Objective: The present study explored the impact of a tailored telephone counseling intervention on increasing follow-up adherence after an abnormal Pap smear result among low-income, minority women, which may reduce cervical cancer disparity. Methods: Participants (N = 211) were randomly assigned to receive: (1) a telephone reminder that included an assessment of barriers to adherence, as well as counseling tailored to the barriers elicited  (2) telephone reminder and barriers assessment, followed by a mailed home tailored barriers print brochure  or (3) enhanced standard care comprising telephone reminder and barriers assessment. Assessments were obtained at initial contact and 1-week later, as well as at 6- and 12-months after the initial colposcopy. Results: The telephone counseling group showed greater adherence to follow-up recommendations than did the combined other two groups (p < 0.05). For the initial colposcopy, tailored telephone barriers counseling was more effective among women with a high school education or less. Conclusion: Tailored telephone barriers counseling improves adherence to initial colposcopy, as well as to longer-term medical follow-up, among low-income, inner-city women. Practice Implications: Dissemination of barriers counseling into ongoing telephone reminder calls and contacts may decrease disparities in cancer outcomes, especially among women with less than postsecondary education. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1317	"Mills, F. and S. J. Swift (2015). """"What can be gained through peer supervision?"""" Educational and Child Psychology 32(3): 105-118."""""	" Aims: This article reports on the practical venture we have undertaken as two trainee educational psychologists (TEPs) developing a peer supervision group to supplement professional supervision provided on practice placements. This personal and reflective journey aims to explore what can be gained through peer supervision. Rationale: Professional supervision is a requirement for the profession of educational psychology (Health and Care Professions Council, 2012). Quality supervision ensures high practice standards for service users and maintains the development and well-being of supervisees (Dunsmuir & Leadbetter, 2010). This article explores how peer supervision can help fulfil these requirements. Method: Theory and research are discussed in relation to the development of our peer supervision group. Through an enquiry-based learning (EBL) approach (Kahn & O'Rourke, 2005) we identify the positive outcomes of our peer supervision group. Findings: These gains are broadly grouped around ‘development of skills and moving forward’ and ‘sharing supporting and well-being’. The EBL process also recognised the importance of ‘dynamics’ in peer supervision. Critical discussion of these outcomes is exemplified through case work in practice. Conclusions and limitations: This article presents personal experiences of our peer supervision group. We believe that the benefits we have gained from the process demonstrates the usefulness of peer supervision for the practice of trainees and recently qualified EPs, as well as more experienced professionals. It is hoped that by addressing power differentials and developing a sense of peemess, we can continue to gain from peer supervision in our TEP practice and beyond. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1318	"Mills, J., et al. (2014). """"Establishing a Learning Community to Support Research and Scholarly Training: A Case Study."""" Academic Leadership Journal in Student Research 2: 7."""""	" This paper examines the concept of learning communities as defined in the literature. An existing case study is described, and the issues that facilitated and constrained the development of this learning community are considered and discussed. Strategies to address threats to the ongoing viability and usefulness of a learning community to support research training are offered. The influence of leadership styles and their interaction with the theoretical underpinnings of the concept of learning communities is used to support the argument."""
NaN		1319	"Milner-Bolotin, M. (2012). """"Increasing Interactivity and Authenticity of Chemistry Instruction through Data Acquisition Systems and Other Technologies."""" Journal of Chemical Education 89(4): 477-481."""""	" Interactivity and inquiry-based learning science are effective ways of helping students overcome their perception of chemistry as an alien and abstract topic and instead approach the subject as a creative way of understanding ideas and applying mastered concepts to new contexts. Data acquisition systems are an extremely useful form of educational technology that can be used alone or in conjunction with other technologies to bring about active learning and enable students to move beyond memorization to the verification strategies and knowledge base they need to successfully master chemistry concepts. This article describes the use of data acquisition systems and analysis software in combination with other technologies such as electronic response systems and online video. The technologies were used for laboratory activities, online learning, and lecture hall demonstrations and allowed for cross-disciplinary experiments. They also brought an element of interactivity to each instructional setting that proved to be an excellent avenue for engaging student interest and ensuring comprehension of chemistry topics."""
NaN		1320	"Milton, J., et al. (2011). """"A Team Approach to Undergraduate Research in Biomathematics: Balance Control."""" Mathematical Modelling of Natural Phenomena 6(6): 260-277."""""	" The question, how does an organism maintain balance? provides a unifying theme to introduce undergraduate students to the use of mathematics and modeling techniques in biological research. The availability of inexpensive high speed motion capture cameras makes it possible to collect the precise and reliable data that facilitates the development of relevant mathematical models. An in-house laboratory component ensures that students have the opportunity to directly compare prediction to observation and motivates the development of projects that push the boundaries of the subject. The projects, by their nature, readily lend themselves to the formation of inter-disciplinary student research teams. Thus students have the opportunity to learn skills essential for success in today's workplace including productive team work, critical thinking, problem solving, project management, and effective communication."""
NaN		1321	"Mina, S., et al. (2016). """"Perceived influential factors toward participation in undergraduate research activities among medical students at Alfaisal University-College of Medicine: A Saudi Arabian perspective."""" Medical Teacher 38: S31-S36."""""	" Aims: (1) To explore correlations between medical students' participation in undergraduate research (UR) activities and their characteristics, and (2) to explore students' perceived influential factors toward participation in UR activities at Alfaisal University-College of Medicine, Saudi Arabia. Methods: An online, anonymous, cross-sectional, self-rating survey was administered. Chi-square test was used to correlate between participation in UR activities and students' characteristics (age, academic year and grade point average [GPA]). Two-tailed Mann-Whitney U-test was used to compare the mean 5-point Likert scale responses between students with and without previous UR activities. Results: About 218 students participated in the survey (n = 218/350 "" response rate: 62.3%). The top three influential factors to undertake UR activities were """"facilitate entry into competitive residency programs,"""" (88.1%) """"improve curriculum vitae"""" (81.2%) and """"publish in peer-reviewed journals"""" (79.8%). Percentage of participation in previous UR activities significantly differed by gender (p < 0.03825), academic year (p < 0.000003) and GPA (p < 0.02627). Students who had previous UR activities were more positively influenced to participate in future UR activities than those who did not (p < 0.0488). Conclusion: Students demonstrated positive attitudes toward UR activities. The relationships between participation in UR activities and male gender, increased number of years spent at medical college and higher GPA were directly proportional."""""
NaN		1322	"Min-Allah, N., et al. (2012). """"Power efficient rate monotonic scheduling for multi-core systems."""" Journal of Parallel and Distributed Computing 72(1): 48-57."""""	" More computational power is offered by current real-time systems to cope with CPU intensive applications. However, this facility comes at the price of more energy consumption and eventually higher heat dissipation. As a remedy, these issues are being encountered by adjusting the system speed on the fly so that application deadlines are respected and also, the overall system energy consumption is reduced. In addition, the current state of the art of multi-core technology opens further research opportunities for energy reduction through power efficient scheduling. However, the multi-core front is relatively unexplored from the perspective of task scheduling. To the best of our knowledge, very little is known as of yet to integrate power efficiency component into real-time scheduling theory that is tailored for multi-core platforms. In this paper, we first propose a technique to find the lowest core speed to schedule individual tasks. The proposed technique is experimentally evaluated and the results show the supremacy of our test over the existing counterparts. Following that, the lightest task shifting policy is adapted for balancing core utilization, which is utilized to determine the uniform system speed for a given task set. The aforementioned guarantees that: (i) all the tasks fulfill their deadlines and (ii) the overall system energy consumption is reduced. (C) 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1323	"Minerick, A. R. (2011). """"Journal Club: A Forum to Encourage Graduate and Undergraduate Research Students to Critically Review the Literature."""" Chemical Engineering Education 45(1): 73-82."""""	" This contribution outlines a strategy to counteract literature lethargy and train beginning and continuing undergraduate and graduate researchers in a professor's research group to efficiently learn from and critique archival journal articles. Journal Club is a weekly one-credit-hour class where a research article related to each research student's project is reviewed by the student and discussed by the entire research group. Due to multiple projects in the lab, each researcher contributes to discussions of articles tangentially related to his/her own research  this is a long-term benefit because it increases the breadth of each individual's knowledge. The discussion questions strive to increase the depth of knowledge in each topic. Student involvement in discussions teaches critical thinking and aids in developing skills to more effectively plan experiments. A final paper is due for the class that is written as an archival journal article on the student's own research project utilizing the articles discussed that semester. Assessment was conducted of the students' self-determined skill-level with regards to a) searching the literature for relevant published work related to their research project as well as b) reading articles and extracting important information to understand the work that was done and how to apply it to their own research. Outcomes of the Journal Club course have been increased student knowledge of the literature, decreased apprehension in younger students toward understanding technical publications, and an increase in publication productivity within the research group."""
NaN		1324	"Ming, K. (2012). """"10 Content-Area Literacy Strategies for Art, Mathematics, Music, and Physical Education."""" Clearing House: A Journal of Educational Strategies, Issues and Ideas 85(6): 213-220."""""	" Content-area literacy involves the use of research-based learning strategies that help students effectively and efficiently gain content knowledge. Its use is fundamental to all content areas, not just to those that rely heavily on printed materials. One of the major goals of content-area instruction is to produce critical thinkers and problem solvers, and content-area literacy is a tool that teachers use to help students achieve this goal. Through this author's teaching experiences, she (Ming) learned about literacy strategies that are useful in art, mathematics, music, and physical education. Thus, in this article, she discusses the importance of using literacy in content-area instruction. Specifically, she talks about how literacy strengthens students' language arts skills, shares 10 content-area literacy strategies that can be integrated into the four content areas, and provides specific examples of what they would look like in each area. (Contains 11 tables.)"""
NaN		1325	"Mingueneau, M., et al. (2015). """"A Multidisciplinary Guided Practical on Type I Diabetes Engaging Students in Inquiry-Based Learning."""" Advances in Physiology Education 39(4): 383-391."""""	" In the present article, we describe a 3-day experimental workshop on type I diabetes aimed at helping high school students to understand how fundamental research on glycemia regulation contributes to the development of scientific knowledge and therapeutic strategies. The workshop engaged students in open-ended investigations and guided experiments. Each class was divided into three or four groups, with each group working with a trained doctoral student or postdoctoral fellow. During an initial questioning phase, students observed slides depicting the glycemia of individuals in various situations. Students identified hyperglycemic individuals relative to the average glycemia of the displayed population. Students were asked to devise a treatment for these diabetics. They quickly realized that they couldn't experiment on patients and understood the need for laboratory models. Each group gave ideas of experiments to perform. We then explained, taking into account their propositions, the protocols students could execute to address one of the following questions: Which criteria must an animal model of diabetes fulfill? How do pancreatic cells maintain glycemia? Is there a way to produce an insulin protein similar to the one released by human pancreatic cells? We used two different evaluation metrics of the workshop: a questionnaire filled out by the students before and after the workshop and a poster produced by students at the end of the workshop. We found that this educational approach successfully improved student awareness and understanding of the scientific reasoning and research process."""
NaN		1326	"Minocha, S. (2009). """"A case study-based investigation of students' experiences with social software tools."""" New Review of Hypermedia and Multimedia 15(3): 245-265."""""	" The term ""social software'' covers a range of tools which allow users to interact and share data with other users, primarily via the web. Blogs, wikis, podcasts and social networking websites are some of the tools that are being used in educational, social and business contexts. We have examined the use of social software in the UK further and higher education to collect evidence of the effective use of social software in student learning and engagement. We applied case study methodology involving educators and students from 26 initiatives. In this paper, we focus on the student experience: educational goals of using social software""  benefits to the students  and the challenges they experience. Our investigations have shown that social software supports a variety of ways of learning: sharing of resources  collaborative learning  problem-based and inquiry-based learning "" and reflective learning. Students gain transferable skills of team working, negotiation, communication and managing digital identities. Although these tools enhance a student's sense of community, the need to share and collaborate brings in additional responsibility and workload, which some students find inflexible and """"forced''. Our findings show that students have concerns about usability, privacy and the public nature of social software tools for academic activities."""""
NaN		1327	"Miranda, J. E., et al. (2013). """"The effect of guideline variations on the implementation of active management of the third stage of labor."""" International Journal of Gynecology & Obstetrics 121(3): 266-269."""""	" Objective: To determine whether healthcare providers performed active management of the third stage of labor (AMTSL) as defined by FIGO/ICM and WHO, and as described by the Cochrane Collaboration. Methods: In a prospective observational study, a questionnaire regarding knowledge of AMTSL was administered to healthcare providers in the largest maternity teaching center in Colombia. It was subsequently observed whether and how the healthcare providers performed AMTSL in practice. The percentage of correct use of AMTSL was calculated. Results: Healthcare providers indicated they knew what AMTSL was but disagreed on the timing of prophylactic oxytocin use. In total, 241 deliveries were observed. Oxytocin at varying doses and routes was used in 239 (99.2%) deliveries. In all deliveries, the umbilical cord was clamped early. In 49 (20.3%) deliveries, controlled cord traction was performed. Uterine massage was carried out in 213 (88.4%) deliveries. According to the FIGO/ICM and WHO definitions, and the Cochrane Collaboration description, correct use of AMTSL occurred in 0.8%, 0.0%, and 83%, of cases, respectively. Conclusion: Correct use of AMTSL is low at the largest maternity teaching center in Colombia. There is an urgent need for a single definition of AMTSL, which could be used globally for research, training, and scaling-up the performance of AMTSL. (C) 2013 International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1328	"Miranda, R. J. and J. B. Damico (2013). """"Science Teachers' Beliefs about the Influence of Their Summer Research Experiences on Their Pedagogical Practices."""" Journal of Science Teacher Education 24(8): 1241-1261."""""	" This study sought to determine the beliefs that tenured, in-service high school science teachers hold about how their participation in a large mid-Atlantic university's 6-week summer research experiences for teachers (RET) program might influence their pedagogical practices. The findings show a number of factors that teachers believed helped them to be successful during their summer RET program that center on science content knowledge, laboratory experiences, cognitive skills, and mentor dispositions. Teachers further believed that the successes they experienced during their summer RET program influenced how they would plan to teach their own students science. The findings suggest that having science teachers conduct research might help to facilitate changes in their beliefs about their pedagogical practices."""
NaN		1329	"Miranda, R. J. and J. B. Damico (2015). """"Changes in Teachers' Beliefs and Classroom Practices Concerning Inquiry-Based Instruction Following a Year-Long RET-PLC Program."""" Science Educator 24(1): 23-35."""""	" This mixed-methods study examines how engaging science teachers in a summer Research Experiences for Teachers (RET) followed by an academic-year Professional Learning Community (PLC) focused on translating teacher research experiences to inquiry-based classroom lessons might facilitate changes in their beliefs and classroom practices regarding inquiry-based instruction. Supported with NASA funding, fourteen high school science teachers participated in a large mid-Atlantic university's year-long RET-PLC professional development program. The findings of this empirically-based study suggest that a summer RET program augmented by an academic-year PLC component can help teachers to shift their beliefs from a teacher-centered to a more student-centered approach. However, changes in classroom practices which demonstrate that teachers had transitioned from the use of teacher-centered to reform-centered practices were limited. Moreover, the study's findings have several implications for developers of professional development programs for in-service science teachers and science education researchers."""
NaN		1330	"Miri, B., et al. (2007). """"Purposely teaching for the promotion of higher-order thinking skills: A case of critical thinking."""" Research in Science Education 37(4): 353-369."""""	" This longitudinal case-study aimed at examining whether purposely teaching for the promotion of higher order thinking skills enhances students' critical thinking (CT), within the framework of science education. Within a pre-, post-, and post-post experimental design, high school students, were divided into three research groups. The experimental group (n=57) consisted of science students who were exposed to teaching strategies designed for enhancing higher order thinking skills. Two other groups: science (n=41) and non-science majors (n=79), were taught traditionally, and acted as control. By using critical thinking assessment instruments, we have found that the experimental group showed a statistically significant improvement on critical thinking skills components and disposition towards critical thinking subscales, such as truth-seeking, open-mindedness, self-confidence, and maturity, compared with the control groups. Our findings suggest that if teachers purposely and persistently practice higher order thinking strategies for example, dealing in class with real-world problems, encouraging open-ended class discussions, and fostering inquiry-oriented experiments, there is a good chance for a consequent development of critical thinking capabilities."""
NaN		1331	"Misra, S., et al. (2009). """"Evaluating an interdisciplinary undergraduate training program in health promotion research."""" American Journal of Preventive Medicine 36(4): 358-365."""""	" Background: The University of California at Irvine Interdisciplinary Summer Undergraduate Research Experience (ID-SURE) program had three objectives: (1) designing an interdisciplinary health promotion training curriculum for undergraduate research fellows  (2) developing measures for evaluating and assessing program-related educational processes and products  and (3) comparing these educational process and product measures between groups of students who did or did not receive the training. Methods: A total of 101 students participated in the ID-SURE program during 2005, 2006, and 2007. A longitudinal research design was employed whereby students' interdisciplinary attitudes and behaviors were assessed at the beginning and end of the training program. The interdisciplinary and intellectual qualities of students' academic and research products were assessed at the conclusion of the training activities. In addition, ID-SURE participants' interdisciplinary attitudes, behaviors, and research products were compared to those of 70 participants in another fellowship program that did not have an interdisciplinary training component. Results: Exposing undergraduate research fellows to the interdisciplinary curriculum led to increased participation in, and positive attitudes about, interdisciplinary classroom and laboratory activities. Products, such as the integrative and interdisciplinary quality of student research projects, showed no differences when compared to those of undergraduates who were not exposed to the interdisciplinary curriculum. However, undergraduates exposed to the training engaged in more interdisciplinary behaviors at the end of the program than students who were not trained in interdisciplinary research techniques. Conclusions: The findings from this study offer evidence for the efficacy of the ID-SURE program for training undergraduate students in transdisciplinary concepts, methods, and skills that are needed for effective scientific collaboration. Additionally, this study makes two important contributions to the development and evaluation of interdisciplinary health research training programs: (1) It presents and evaluates a novel curriculum for training undergraduate students in interdisciplinary theories, concepts, and methods of health promotion that can be replicated in other settings and contexts  (2) It provides and tests the reliability of new measures for evaluating interdisciplinary collaborative processes and develops objective criteria for rating the integrative and intellectual quality of students' research products. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1332	"Missbach, A. (2011). """"RANSACKING THE FIELD? Collaboration and Competition between Local and Foreign Researchers in Aceh."""" Critical Asian Studies 43(3): 373-398."""""	" After the end of almost thirty years of armed conflict in 2005 and following a devastating tsunami in 2004, Aceh has become a ""social laboratory"""" for foreign researchers who study Indonesia's northern-most province from every angle. Over the last five years, this effort has resulted in the publication of a considerable number of articles in major journals. For some foreign researchers, Aceh became a fast track accelerating their careers. Yet, how much did local Acehnese researchers benefit from being at the center of this scholarly attention, and how much were they able to participate in academic debates? To answer these questions, this article examines the involvement of Acehnese scholars in the process of knowledge production in and about contemporary Aceh. One of the key findings is that local researchers are often involved in data collection, but left out from its analysis and interpretation due to a general lack of structural conditions for publishing, such as under-funding, lack of access to major academic literature, and language barriers. Embedding this inquiry about research cooperation and competition in wider debates about representation and academic development support, this article stresses critical evaluations of current academic ventures. Moreover, Aceh as a post-conflict/tsunami site illustrates the enormous difficulties that developing countries such as Indonesia face in tertiary education and academic research. Long-standing structural imbalances responsible for uneven research outcomes cannot disappear overnight or only as a result of foreign educational initiatives. Nevertheless, this article introduces a specific example of short-term academic collaboration named Aceh Research Training Institute (ARTI)-a flicker of hope in an otherwise rather un-promising situation."""""
NaN		1333	"Mitchell, C. S., et al. (2015). """"Undergraduate biocuration: Developing tomorrow’s researchers while mining today’s data."""" The Journal of Undergraduate Neuroscience Education 14(1): A56-A65."""""	" Biocuration is a time-intensive process that involves extraction, transcription, and organization of biological or clinical data from disjointed data sets into a user-friendly database. Curated data is subsequently used primarily for text mining or informatics analysis (bioinformatics, neuroinformatics, health informatics, etc.) and secondarily as a researcher resource. Biocuration is traditionally considered a Ph.D. level task, but a massive shortage of curators to consolidate the ever-mounting biomedical 'big data' opens the possibility of utilizing biocuration as a means to mine today’s data while teaching students skill sets they can utilize in any career. By developing a biocuration assembly line of simplified and compartmentalized tasks, we have enabled biocuration to be effectively performed by a hierarchy of undergraduate students. We summarize the necessary physical resources, process for establishing a data path, biocuration workflow, and undergraduate hierarchy of curation, technical, information technology (IT), quality control and managerial positions. We detail the undergraduate application and training processes and give detailed job descriptions for each position on the assembly line. We present case studies of neuropathology curation performed entirely by undergraduates, namely the construction of experimental databases of Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS) transgenic mouse models and clinical data from ALS patient records. Our results reveal undergraduate biocuration is scalable for a group of 8-50+ with relatively minimal required resources. Moreover, with average accuracy rates greater than 98.8%, undergraduate biocurators are equivalently accurate to their professional counterparts. Initial training to be completely proficient at the entry-level takes about five weeks with a minimal student time commitment of four hours/week. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1334	"Mitchell, J. S. (2014). """"Beyond Bricks and Mortar: Creating Knowledge through Student-Faculty Partnerships."""" Journal of General Education 63(2): 21."""""	" Who benefits from the rapid development of transnational education institutions? Despite concerns of academic capitalism or neocolonial imperialism, both the sending institutions and the host countries can benefit from these educational initiatives. I suggest that American liberal education is uniquely placed to combine local and foreign expertise in educational partnerships. Using the example of undergraduate research grant funding, I demonstrate that the international branch campuses of Qatar's Education City have engaged in research and knowledge creation that mutually benefits the local and foreign academic communities. The sending institutions should institutionalize incentives that prioritize student learning and local expertise and needs."""
NaN		1335	"Mitchell, M. J. and L. E. Crosby (2016). """"Society of Pediatric Psychology Diversity Award: Training underrepresented minority students in psychology."""" Clinical Practice in Pediatric Psychology 4(4): 349-357."""""	" Improving diversity, particularly among trainees and professionals from underrepresented ethnic minority backgrounds, has been a long-stated goal for the field of psychology. Research has provided strategies and best practices, such as ensuring cultural sensitivity and relevance in coursework, clinical and research training, promoting a supportive and inclusive climate, providing access to cultural and community opportunities, and increasing awareness and cultural competence among professionals (Rogers & Molina, 2006). Despite this, the rates of psychologists from ethnically diverse and underrepresented minority (URM) backgrounds remain low and few published studies have described programmatic efforts to increase diversity within the field. This article describes the INNOVATIONS training model, which provides community and culturally related research experiences, graduate-school-related advising, and mentoring to high school and college students. The article also examines how the model may support enrollment of URM students in doctoral programs in psychology. Findings indicate that INNOVATIONS supported students’ transition from high school and college to graduate programs (with approximately 75% of students enrolling in master’s and doctoral programs). INNOVATIONS also supported students, including those from URM backgrounds, enrolling in doctoral programs (41.7%). Students who were trained in the research assistant track were most likely to enroll in psychology doctoral programs, perhaps as a result of the intensive time and training committed to research and clinical experiences. Data support the importance of research training for URM students pursuing psychology graduate study and the need to ensure cultural relevance of the training. Implications for clinical and pediatric psychology are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1336	"Mitchell, S. A., et al. (2007). """"Putting evidence into practice: Evidence-based interventions for fatigue during and following cancer and its treatment."""" Clinical Journal of Oncology Nursing 11(1): 99-113."""""	" Cancer-related fatigue has a significant impact on patients' physical and psychosocial functioning, symptom distress, and quality of life, yet it remains under-recognized and undertreated. The Oncology Nursing Society's Putting Evidence Into Practice initiative sought to improve patient outcomes relative to this important problem by critically examining and summarizing the evidence base for interventions to prevent and manage fatigue during and following treatment. This article critically reviews and summarizes the available empirical evidence regarding interventions for cancer-related fatigue. In addition to offering patients and clinicians a tool to facilitate effective management of the distressing symptom, this evidence-based review identifies gaps in knowledge and research opportunities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1337	"Mitchell, W., et al. (2009). """"Working with children with learning disabilities and/or who communicate non-verbally: Research experiences and their implications for social work education, increased participation and social inclusion."""" Social Work Education 28(3): 309-324."""""	" Social exclusion, although much debated in the UK, frequently focuses on children as a key ‘at risk’ group. However, some groups, such as disabled children, receive less consideration. Similarly, despite both UK and international policy and guidance encouraging the involvement of disabled children and their right to participate in decision-making arenas, they are frequently denied this right. UK based evidence suggests that disabled children’s participation lags behind that of their non-disabled peers, often due to social work practitioners’ lack of skills, expertise and knowledge on how to facilitate participation. The exclusion of disabled children from decision-making in social care processes echoes their exclusion from participation in society. This paper seeks to begin to address this situation, and to provide some examples of tools that social work educators can introduce into pre- and post-qualifying training programmes, as well as in-service training. The paper draws on the experiences of researchers using non-traditional qualitative research methods, especially non-verbal methods, and describes two research projects  focusing on the methods employed to communicate with and involve disabled children, the barriers encountered and lessons learnt. Some of the ways in which these methods of communication can inform social work education are explored alongside wider issues of how and if increased communication can facilitate greater social inclusion. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1338	"Mitton-Kukner, J. (2015). """"Burrowing Into Female Teachers' Temporal Constraints Experienced in the Midst of the Research Process."""" Learning Landscapes 8(2): 261-283."""""	" The focus of this qualitative study is on three female teachers' experiences as teacher researchers in the midst of conducting first-time research studies about their own teaching/professional practices. Inquiring into participants' accounts of their research experiences revealed complex personal and professional obligations shaping the amount of time that participants felt able to invest in the research process. The findings of this paper have implications for better understanding teacher research as a sustainable professional learning endeavour and for considering the complexities teacher researchers must navigate as part of their professional development."""
NaN		1339	"Miyazaki, A. D., et al. (2009). """"Price, scarcity, and consumer willingness to purchase pirated media products."""" Journal of Public Policy & Marketing 28(1): 71-84."""""	" Worldwide purchases of pirated media products continue to rise despite various industry and government efforts to quell their growth. Academic research examining consumer decisions underlying the purchase of pirated media has been limited in its approach by focusing almost exclusively on main-effects relationships and by using noncausal research designs. This article addresses these shortcomings by examining how various factors that consumers may perceive as constraining their ability to purchase genuine products (e.g., high price, stockouts, low income, lack of channel access, government restrictions) lead them to acquire pirated products and to condone such behavior in others. The authors report the results of three studies (two of which are experimental) that test three moderators of the consumption constraint effects using various settings, stimuli, and consumer types. The findings support the hypotheses that factors that may be perceived as limiting consumption can lead to higher piracy-related activity and are moderated by ethical beliefs, interpersonal social influence, and trait psychological reactance. The authors discuss the results in terms of implications for policy makers, managers, and future research opportunities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1340	"Modi, N., et al. (2013). """"A healthy nation: Strengthening child health research in the UK."""" The Lancet 381(9860): 73-87."""""	" Despite a general acknowledgment that research in children is necessary and ethical, the evidence base for child-specific treatments is still sparse. We investigated children's biomedical and health services research in the UK in relation to training, infrastructure and activity, research evidence, and visibility. We show that excellent opportunities for career researchers exist through a competitive, national integrated academic training programme, but that the number of academic paediatricians has decreased by 18% between 2000 and 2011, falling from 11·3% to 5·9% of the consultant workforce. The potential for rapid delivery of studies in children through the National Health Service (NHS) is not being realised: clinical trainees are poorly equipped with core research skills  most newly appointed consultant paediatricians have little or no research experience  less than 5% of contracted consultant time supports research  less than 2·5% of the 2 million children seen in the NHS every year are recruited to studies  and ten of the 20 UK children's hospitals do not have a clinical research facility. Support through National Institute for Health Research networks is good for studies into drugs, but inconsistent for non-drug research  less than 5% of registered studies involve children and only one children's biomedical research centre has been allocated funding from 2012. Of the UK annual public and charitable biomedical research expenditure of roughly £2·2 billion, about 5% is directed at child health research. The scant evidence base is impeding the development of clinical guidance and policy—less than 20% of the outputs of the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence are applicable to children. Paediatric representation on major research boards is weak. Parent and young people's advocacy is fragmented, and their views are insufficiently heeded by regulatory bodies. The strong UK Government commitment to biomedical research has not been translated fully to research for children. The power of research in children to turn the tide of the growing burden of non-communicable, chronic, adult diseases that have their origins in early life, to benefit the health of an ageing population and future generations, and to reduce health-care costs is inadequately recognised. On the basis of our findings, we make several recommendations to improve early-years research, including the formation of multidisciplinary, cross-institutional groups of clinical and non-clinical child health researchers and their access to diagnostic and laboratory facilities suitable for children  a unified Children's Research Network for drug studies and non-drug studies  regulatory assessment of research that is proportionate and based on consistent national criteria  an expansion of research posts  support for parents' and young people's advocacy  collaboration between children's research charities  improved research training for paediatric trainees  and closer integration of child health research with core NHS activities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1341	"Moebius-Clune, B. N., et al. (2011). """"Moving Authentic Soil Research into High School Classrooms: Student Engagement and Learning."""" Journal of Natural Resources and Life Sciences Education 40: 102-113."""""	" Inquiry-based teaching helps students develop a deep, applied understanding of human-environmental connections, but most high school curricula do not use inquiry-based methods. Soil science topics, which are also generally lacking from curricula, can provide hands-on model systems for learning inquiry skills. We report on the implementation of a soil science inquiry unit for high school earth science classrooms. Teams in three classes participated in open inquiry about water runoff from, and infiltration into soils. Students learned how scientists conduct research by asking their own research questions, designing and conducting investigations, presenting findings to their peers, and peer-reviewing each other's work. Student engagement and learning were assessed through testing, final projects, a student survey, and observations of student attitudes. Pre- to post-test gains (17% average gain from 63% average pre-test score, with 71% maximum gain) showed significant student science-content-learning. Generally lower scores on final projects (61% average) than on post-tests (80% average) suggest the need for more teacher-scaffolding in complex, open-ended assignments. Students reported enjoying the unit and learning essential inquiry skills, such as experimental design, scientifically based teamwork and group-learning, and real world applicability of concepts. Observations suggest that students were motivated and substantively engaged. One-third of students reported increased excitement about science. We conclude that inquiry-based units should be more commonly used in science classrooms, to enable students to learn how to think critically, develop collaborative teamwork skills, take ownership of their learning, and be substantively engaged in authentic tasks applicable in later life. (Contains 5 tables and 3 figures.)"""
NaN		1342	"Moffatt, S., et al. (2012). """"Choice, consumerism and devolution: Growing old in the welfare state(s) of Scotland, Wales and England."""" Ageing & Society 32(5): 725-746."""""	" The introduction of choice and consumer mechanisms in public services has been identified as a fundamental shift in welfare service provision internationally. Within the United Kingdom (UK), such mechanisms developed and integrated into English services have not been replicated in their entirety in Scotland and Wales. For the first time since the inception of the UK welfare state, there are now formal differences in entitlement for older people as a result of devolution. This paper uses comparative policy analysis to review a range of sources not hitherto brought together in order to explore how these concurrent developments—choice and devolution—impact on people over state retirement age. We also consider the extent to which a more consumerist approach to public services might redress or increase later-life inequalities. Drawing on theoretical research and policy evidence, we argue that for many people over state retirement age, the prospect of becoming a consumer in these varied contexts is difficult and unwelcome. We suggest that although it is too early in the devolutionary process for any significant impact of these divergent policies to materialise, continued policy divergence will lead to different experiences and outcomes for older people in Scotland, Wales and England. We conclude that these divergent social policies offer significant research opportunities, particularly concerning their impact on later-life inequalities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1343	"Mohammad, A. E., et al. (2011). """"Attitudes and Opinions of Residency Directors and Residents About the Importance of Research in Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery Residencies."""" Journal of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgery 69(7): 2064-2069."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this study was to determine the current status of research done by residents in oral and maxillofacial surgery training programs and the attitudes and opinions of the program directors and residents regarding the need and benefits of such activity. Materials and Methods: Separate questionnaires were developed for program directors and residents. These were sent through the Inquisite System to the 101 program directors in the United States and they were requested to fill them out and to ask their residents to do the same. Forty-four of the program directors (43%) and 277 of the 951 residents responded (29%). Results: Only 75% of the program directors indicated that their residents participated in research. The projects generally could be selected by the program director or the resident. Only 36% of the programs provided scheduled research time, and in these programs it was usually 3 months or less. Residents generally believed the scheduled research time was inadequate. Most program directors and residents believed that research experience was important for those considering an academic career but that it was not important for those entering private practice. Conclusions: The failure of all residency programs to provide actual research experience for their trainees has resulted in a decrease in the contributions that such programs have traditionally made to the literature and the advancement of the speciality. It is important that steps be taken to reverse this trend. (C) 2011 American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons J Oral Maxillofac Surg 69: 2064-2069, 2011"""
NaN		1344	"Moldwin, M. B., et al. (2008). """"Using sunshine for elementary space science education: A model for IHY scientist-teacher partnerships."""" Advances in Space Research 42(11): 1814-1818."""""	" An elementary science education professional development partnership between Culver City Unified School District teachers and UCLA has been formed. The project was designed to assist teachers to comfortably present introductory space science concepts, to support them in their efforts, and to aid them in encouraging their students to develop inquiry skills related to space sciences. The project encourages teacher use of observational science techniques in their classrooms, the use of NASA solar mission images and enhanced use of astronomical observation to facilitate discovery learning. The integrated approach of the project has fostered collegial learning activities among the participating teachers and offered them opportunities for continued renewal and professional development of teacher competencies in astronomy and space science. The activities used in the classroom were developed by others, classroom tested, and specifically address National Science Education and California Science Content Standards. These activities have been sustained through ongoing collaboration between the scientist and the teachers, a summer Research Experience for Teachers program, and on-going, grade-specific, district-sponsored workshops. Assessment of the value of the program is done by the school district and is used to continuously improve each workshop and program component. Culver City (California) Unified School District is a small urban school district located on the Westside of Los Angeles. This paper describes the program and the plans for incorporating IHY-themed science into the classroom. (C) 2007 COSPAR. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1345	"Moller, R., et al. (2015). """"What is the reward? Medical students' learning and personal development during a research project course."""" Medical Education Online 20."""""	" Background: Until recently, the outcome of medical students' research projects has mainly been assessed in terms of scientific publications, whereas other results important for students' development have been less studied. The aim of this study was to investigate medical students' experiences of learning as an outcome of the research project course. Method: Written reflections of 50 students were analyzed by manifest inductive content analysis. Results: Three categories emerged: 'thinking as a scientist', 'working as a scientist', and 'personal development'. Students became more aware about the nature of knowledge, how to generate new knowledge, and developed skills in scientific thinking and critical appraisal. Unexpectedly, effects on personal characteristics, such as self-confidence, self-discipline, independence, and time management skills were also acknowledged. Conclusions: We conclude that individual research projects enhance research-specific skills and competencies needed in evidence-based clinical work and are beneficial for personal and professional development."""
NaN		1346	"Molto, C. M., et al. (2010). """"Attitudes to Diversity: A Cross-Cultural Study of Education Students in Spain, England and the United States."""" European Journal of Teacher Education 33(3): 245-264."""""	" This study explores the beliefs and attitudes that university students enrolled in teacher education programmes in Spain, England and the US (Texas) hold about individuals who differ. A beliefs and attitudes toward difference scale (BATD) was constructed using nine dimensions of diversity  culture, language, socioeconomic status/social class, religion, gender, sexual orientation, political ideology, disability and special talent. A two-way factorial analysis of variance indicated significant main effects due to the respondent groups on culture, religion and sexual orientation  significant main effects of worldview of difference on political ideology "" and no interaction between the two factors on each of the nine domains of difference. An exploratory factor analysis was also performed in order to explore the viability of the theoretical model. The data suggest that attitudes towards people who differ include """"etic"""", """"emic"""" and individual properties. These are discussed in terms of the uses of cross-cultural data and further research opportunities. (Contains 5 tables.)"""""
NaN		1347	"Moltu, C., et al. (2012). """"Negotiating the coresearcher mandate—Service users' experiences of doing collaborative research on mental health."""" Disability and Rehabilitation: An International, Multidisciplinary Journal 34(19): 1608-1616."""""	" Purpose: Traditionally, the voices of service users have been silent in research into mental health issues. A Norwegian research network, however, recognizes the importance of involving service users as coresearchers and initiated a training program in research methodology and design intended to empower them as active participants in research projects. In this article, we explore how these coresearchers with a mental health service user background experience their participation in projects as well as in attending the training: What is it like being a service user coresearcher in collaborative studies on issues in mental health? How do coresearchers negotiate their roles and mandate? Method: We used focus groups as our data collection method, transcribed the group discussions verbatim, and analyzed the transcriptions using qualitative methodology. We then took the preliminary analyses back to the participants for discussion, auditing, and reanalysis. Results: We identified themes that represent important social processes around which the participants developed a consensual understanding: self-definition, constructive differentiation and negotiations. Conclusion: Our findings generate hypotheses on how participatory research into mental health issues can be fruitfully organized, in a way that empowers service users to active and constructive participation. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1348	"Moltu, C., et al. (2013). """"How to enhance the quality of mental health research: Service users’ experiences of their potential contributions through collaborative methods."""" American Journal of Psychiatric Rehabilitation 16(1): 1-21."""""	" The voices of service users are often silent in mental health research issues. A Norwegian mental health research organization, however, recognizes the importance of involving service users as coresearchers, and it has initiated a training program in research design and methodology intended to empower them as active participants in research projects. In this study, we use qualitative methods to explore how coresearchers with mental health service user background experience their participation as coresearchers and how they experienced attending an academic training program in research methodology. We invited 12 coresearchers with service user background to be participants in the study. We used focus groups as our data collection method, transcribed the group discussions verbatim, and analyzed the transcriptions using qualitative methodology. We then took the preliminary analyses back to the participants for discussion, auditing, and reanalysis. We identified three core themes that represent important coresearcher functions around which the participants developed a consensual understanding: the advocate for usefulness, the brakeman, and the interpreter. There is increasing political will to involve service users in research. Our findings explore how the service user coresearchers experience their potential functions and quality enhancing contributions after having taken part both in a research training course and actual research projects. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1350	"Moore, C. J. (2012). """"Transitional to Formal Operational: Using Authentic Research Experiences to Get Non-Science Students to Think More Like Scientists."""" European Journal of Physics Education 3(4): 1-12."""""	" University and high school students not pursuing a science, technology, engineering, and/or mathematics (STEM) course of study demonstrate less developed scientific reasoning than their STEM-based peers. Previous studies show that the majority of non-STEM students can be classified as either concrete operational or transitional reasoners in Piaget's theory of cognitive development, whereas in the science student population formal operational reasoners are far more prevalent. In this paper, we will look at the literature concerning the non-STEM population of students and their development in scientific reasoning. We will also discuss the development and implementation of activities designed to target hypothetico-deductive reasoning, coordination of theory and evidence, and thinking about the relative value of evidence. We will also discuss an authentic research experience we have begun introducing in our classrooms to facilitate the transition from transitional to formal operational reasoning."""
NaN		1349	"Moore, C., et al. (2015). """"Integrating Information Literacy, the POGIL Method, and iPads into a Foundational Studies Program."""" Journal of Academic Librarianship 41(2): 155-169."""""	" This article provides an overview of the design, implementation, revision and informal assessment of an information literacy curriculum embedded in a new University Foundations (UF) program at a mid-sized public university. The library information literacy sessions incorporated team-based learning and Process Oriented Guided Inquiry Learning (POGIL) elements using iPads. Each session provided students an opportunity to develop and apply information literacy skills, and included critical thinking questions which led students to think about underlying concepts. A focus group with the librarians assessed the UP library curriculum, its impact on student engagement, and the training activities for librarian teaching preparation. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1351	"Moore, L. S. and F. Avant (2008). """"Strengthening undergraduate social work research: Models and strategies."""" Social Work Research 32(4): 231-235."""""	" There is debate in the social work education community regarding the structure and depth of undergraduate research. This article emphasizes the importance of a commitment to undergraduate research in social work education. Because generalist practice is the first level of professional practice, students in baccalaureate programs need to be prepared to assess their own practice, evaluate the effectiveness of agencies and organizational structures, and study societal issues affecting clients. All of these components are vital to effective practice. The authors present the current state of undergraduate research, discuss issues in undergraduate research, and provide models and strategies to strengthen undergraduate research to prepare students for practice and graduate education. They also emphasize the benefits of undergraduate research for students and faculty and for the social work profession. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1352	"Moores, A., et al. (2010). """"Using a card sort to structure and promote enquiry-based learning."""" The British Journal of Occupational Therapy 73(5): 229-236."""""	" An occupational therapy card sort was developed as part of an enquiry-based learning initiative to enable students to evaluate their skill development. The online card sort comprises modified playing cards that students deal to assess their skill development. The card items reflect standards of proficiency for occupational therapists. The card sort was evaluated to determine whether it was effective in measuring changes in skills over time and to see whether students found it useful to identify their skill levels and plan their learning needs. Data were collected from second-year occupational therapy students, both by using questionnaires and by collecting completed card sorts from 35 students at two intervals in their studies for comparison. The card sort was found to be sensitive to changes in students' perceived skill levels over time and to detecting differences between categories of skills. The students found the card sort effective as a means to promote the active learning skills necessary for enquiry-based learning. The card sort was identified as a useful tool for planning professional development needs and for engaging in continuing professional development. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1353	"Morales, D. X., et al. (2016). """"Influences on Faculty Willingness to Mentor Undergraduate Students from Another University as Part of an Interinstitutional Research Training Program."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 15(3)."""""	" In 2014, the National Institutes of Health invested $31 million in 10 primary institutions across the United States through the Building Undergraduate Infrastructure Leading to Diversity (BUILD) program  one requirement of BUILD is sending undergraduate trainees from those primary institutions to partner institutions for research experiences. Mechanisms like BUILD are designed to broaden research opportunities for students, especially those from underrepresented backgrounds. However, to our knowledge, no studies have examined faculty willingness to mentor undergraduates from other institutions through structured training programs. Survey data from 536 faculty members at 13 institutions were collected in Fall 2013 and analyzed using multiple statistical techniques. Results show that faculty who valued the opportunity to increase diversity in the academy and those who believed that mentoring undergraduates benefited their own research expressed greater willingness to serve as research mentors to visiting undergraduates, and faculty who perceived that they did not have the ability to accommodate additional students expressed less willingness to do so. Most respondents viewed student and faculty incentives as motivating factors in their willingness to mentor, but their perspectives on different types of incentives varied based on faculty career stage, discipline, and research funding status. Results have important implications for designing multi-institutional undergraduate research training programs."""
NaN		1354	"Moran, M. J. (2007). """"Collaborative Action Research and Project Work: Promising Practices for Developing Collaborative Inquiry among Early Childhood Preservice Teachers."""" Teaching and Teacher Education: An International Journal of Research and Studies 23(4): 418-431."""""	" Excerpts from case studies of two preservice teaching teams exemplify a new approach for merging research and practice within an introductory early childhood methods course. Through participation in cycles of collaborative action research focused on the joint task of implementing long-term projects, preservice teachers evidenced change in the ways they participated in and developed an inquiry-oriented teaching stance. In particular, changes included (1) an increased awareness of the value and need to share responsibility with teammates for making curriculum decisions, (2) early attempts to self-regulate teaching behaviors through reflection-in-action, and (3) an appreciation for and use of documentation in making visible and public the relationship between teacher thinking, practice, and children's learning. While changes in level of reflectivity and practice are noted and valued, the ways in which preservice teachers' participation begins to change may be as valuable an indicator of preservice teacher development as the possession of new knowledge and skills."""
NaN		1355	"Moran, P. (2011). """"Bridging the gap between research and practice in counselling and psychotherapy training: Learning from trainees."""" Counselling & Psychotherapy Research 11(3): 171-178."""""	" Aim: This study set out to examine trainee practitioners’ perceptions of research training, and to explore ways in which training might be developed to facilitate the integration of research and practice. Method: Fourteen trainees on a doctoral programme in counselling psychology and psychotherapy participated in two focus groups, and verbatim transcripts were analysed using the Framework approach. Findings: The findings indicate that while participants appreciated the value of research, most found it challenging and anxiety provoking. Participants identified a number of ways in which training approaches could be adapted to enhance motivation to engage with research, and enable integration of research and clinical practice. Conclusions/implications: The findings are discussed in terms of the implications for the way research is incorporated into clinical training, as well as the type of research taught in the context of wider debates about evidence. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1356	"Moreau, K. A., et al. (2014). """"The development of a TED-Ed online resident research training program."""" Medical Education Online 19."""""	" Background: Pediatric health research is important for improving the health and well-being of children and their families. To foster the development of physicians' research competencies, it is vital to integrate practical and context-specific research training into residency programs. Purpose: To describe the development of a resident research training program at one tertiary care pediatric academic health sciences center in Ontario, Canada. Methods: We surveyed residents and pediatricians/research staff to establish the need and content for a resident research training program. Results: Residents and resident research supervisors agreed or strongly agreed that research training is important for residents. However, few residents and supervisors believed that their academic health sciences center provided adequate training and resources to support resident research. As such, an online resident research training program was established. Residents and supervisors agreed that the program should focus on the following topics: 1) critically evaluating research literature, 2) writing a research proposal, 3) submitting an application for research funding, and 4) writing a manuscript. Discussion: This highly accessible, context-specific, and inexpensive online program model may be of interest and benefit to other residency programs as a means to enhance residents' scholarly roles. A formal evaluation of the research training program is now underway."""
NaN		1357	"Morecroft, C. W., et al. (2015). """"Involving community pharmacists in pharmacy practice research: experiences of peer interviewing."""" International Journal of Clinical Pharmacy 37(1): 31-35."""""	" Background Translation of interest in research into active engagement of community pharmacists as research partners/co-researchers remains a challenge. Involving pharmacists in specific research techniques such as peer interviewing, however, may enhance validity of the results. Objective To enhance community pharmacists' involvement in pharmacy practice research through peer interview training. Method A subgroup of participants in a multi-phase pharmacy practice research project trained to do peer interviews. These pharmacist interviewers attended a workshop and were mentored. Comments from their feedback forms and ongoing engagement with the Research Associate were thematically analysed. Results Positive themes from five interviewers included the importance of the topic and their wish to learn skills beyond their everyday role. The small group format of the training day helped to build confidence. Interviewers felt their shared professional background helped them to capture relevant comments and probe effectively. There were challenges, however, for interviewers to balance research activities with their daily work. Interviewers experienced difficulty in securing uninterrupted time with interviewees which sometimes affected data quality by 'rushing'. Conclusion Community pharmacists can be engaged as peer interviewers to the benefit of the volunteers and research team, but must be well resourced and supported."""
NaN		1358	"Moreno‐Casbas, T., et al. (2011). """"Spanish nurses’ attitudes towards research and perceived barriers and facilitators of research utilisation: A comparative survey of nurses with and without experience as principal investigators."""" Journal of Clinical Nursing 20(13-14): 1936-1947."""""	" Aims and objective: To examine attitudes towards research and perceived barriers and facilitators of research utilisation in clinical practice in a broad cross‐section of Spanish nurses. Background: Nurses’ attitudes towards research are critical in determining whether study findings are used to improve practice. Design: Cross‐sectional comparative survey in Hospitals, Primary Care Centres and University‐affiliated schools of nursing. Methods: Surveys were completed by 917 nurses: 69 who received funding from the Spanish national agency (1998–2004) and a nationally representative sample of 848 nurses who did not have the same research experience (the Comparison group). Two instruments (BARRIERS and Attitudes towards nursing research) were translated and culturally adapted for use in Spain. A descriptive analysis of demographic and practice characteristics was performed. Total scale scores, as well as subscale scores, were computed and compared across the two groups using one‐way analysis of variance (anova) and multivariate analysis of variance (manova) with post hoc tests. Pearson product‐moment correlation coefficients were computed between the total tool scores and subscales measuring barriers and attitudes in both groups. Results: The investigators differed from other nurses on several demographic and work characteristics (more males, older age and more likely to work a fixed day shift schedule). On the whole, investigators showed more favourable attitudes but perceived several elements as posing greater barriers to research utilisation than the Comparison groups. Across all respondents, issues related to the quality of research were rated as the greatest barriers to research utilisation, followed by organisational barriers, barriers involving the communication of findings and finally, those related to nurses’ values, awareness and skills. Conclusions: Very similar profiles of perceptions and attitudes regarding research were found in these samples of Spanish nurses relative to those from other countries in earlier reports. Nurses who had experience conducting research demonstrated more favourable research‐related attitudes and perceived barriers differently than those without such experience. Relevance to clinical practice: Understanding different organisational and experience perspectives is important to identify challenges and opportunities to ensure research utilisation in clinical practice. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1359	"Moretti, A., et al. (2016). """"What Medical Oncologist Residents Think about the Italian Speciality Schools: A Survey of the Italian Association of Medical Oncology (AIOM) on Educational, Clinical and Research Activities."""" Plos One 11(7)."""""	" Background and objectives Relevant heterogeneity exists among Postgraduate Schools in Medical Oncology, also within the same country. In order to provide a comprehensive overview of the landscape of Italian Postgraduate Schools in Medical Oncology, the Italian Association of Medical Oncology (AIOM) undertook an online survey, inviting all the residents to describe their daily activities and to express their overall satisfaction about their programs. Methods A team composed of five residents and three consultants in medical oncology prepared a 38 items questionnaire that was published online in a reserved section, accessible through a link sent by e-mail. Residents were invited to anonymously fill in the questionnaire that included the following sub-sections: quality of teaching, clinical and research activity, overall satisfaction. Results Three-hundred and eleven (57%) out of 547 invited residents filled in the questionnaire. Two-hundred and twenty-three (72%) participants declared that attending lessons was frequently difficult and 153 (49%) declared they did not gain substantial improvement in their knowledge from them. Fifty-five percent stated that they did not receive lessons on palliative care. Their overall judgment about didactic activity was low in 63% of the interviewed. The satisfaction for clinical activity was in 86% of cases good: 84% recognized that, during the training period, they acquired a progressive independence on patients' management. About research activity, the majority (79%) of participants in the survey was actively engaged in managing patients included in clinical trials but the satisfaction level for the involvement in research activities was quite low (54%). Overall, 246 residents (79%) gave a positive global judgment of their Medical Oncology Schools. Conclusions The landscape of Italian Postgraduate Schools in Medical Oncology is quite heterogeneous across the country. Some improvements in the organization of teaching and in the access to research opportunity are needed  the perception about clinical activity and the overall judgment of the programs are quite satisfactory."""
NaN		1360	"Morev, M. V. (2015). """"Regional Sociological Research Experience."""" Economic and Social Changes-Facts Trends Forecast 41(5): 54-74."""""	" The article presents the experience of the Institute of Socio-Economic Development of Territories of RAS in conducting sociological research on the territory of the Vologda Oblast and the Northwestern Federal District. It describes the historical aspects of formation of the system for public opinion monitoring and examines its theoretical and methodological foundations. The author of the article analyzes the structure of monitoring indicators and provides a brief interpretation of research findings that reflect social wellbeing and social perception trends. In addition, the paper analyzes people's attitude toward the activities of federal and regional authorities, trends in social well-being, consumer sentiment and also the complex indicator -the index of public sentiment in the region -developed by ISEDT RAS researchers. The results of sociological studies carried out at ISEDT RAS correlate with the dynamics of the all-Russian public opinion polls conducted by the Institute of Sociology of the Russian Academy of Sciences, the Russian Public Opinion Research Center (VCIOM), Levada-Center, etc. They indicate that Russian society gradually adapts to new conditions of life after the collapse of the USSR. Besides, opinion polls show the most important features of the post-Soviet Russian history at its present stage "" they are associated with the intensification of international political relations, the consequences of the """"Crimean spring"""" and the new challenges Russia's economy is facing now. The article concludes that as global community, of which Russian society is part, is evolving, sociological knowledge begins to play an increasingly important role in administration and national security""  this is associated with the greater importance attached to intangible development factors. Therefore, a necessary prerequisite for administration effectiveness in all its stages is to implement the results of sociological research on social transformation trends and factors in the system of managerial decision-making. Twenty-five years of ISEDT RAS experience clearly show that this principle is relevant, it enjoys great demand and brings actual practical results. It indicates that the system of feedback between society and government, a feedback based on sociological research, provides extensive information on social well-being, economic situation, and political attitudes, helps evaluate the effectiveness of government economic and social policy more adequately, address the rights and interests of various population groups in the development and implementation of socially important managerial decisions."""
NaN		1361	"Morris, S., et al. (2012). """"Students’ experiences of supervision in academic and industry settings: Results of an Australian study."""" Assessment & Evaluation in Higher Education 37(5): 619-636."""""	" The joint supervision of Research Higher Degree (RHD) students by an industry and university supervisor is likely to increase in forthcoming years with a rise in the number of university–industry collaborations. Research students may become involved in these collaborative arrangements for a variety of reasons and may launch into their RHD without considering how they will serve two masters, and how this complex relationship will affect their RHD experience. Moreover, little research has been conducted to assess the impact of these arrangements on current RHD students’ experiences. The experiences of students with academic and industry supervisors were, therefore, explored in a survey of confirmed RHD students at an Australian research-intensive university. This paper investigates whether RHD students conducting research in traditional academic settings have a different experience to students working on industry-related projects in industry settings, specifically in regards to supervision and institutional access and engagement. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1362	"Morrison, M. A. and R. W. Lent (2014). """"The advisory working alliance and research training: Test of a relational efficacy model."""" Journal of Counseling Psychology 61(4): 549-559."""""	" Relatively little research attention has been devoted to understanding the mechanisms through which the advising relationship functions as a medium for fostering doctoral students’ development as researchers. Adapting Lent and Lopez’s (2002) model of relational efficacy, we examined three types of efficacy beliefs (self-efficacy, other-efficacy, and relation-inferred self-efficacy) in relation to the advisory working alliance and the prediction of doctoral students’ research interest and productivity. Gelso’s (1993) concept of the research training environment was also included in model testing to capture a view of the advisory relationship as existing within a larger program training context. Participants were 274 doctoral students in a variety of academic fields. The results suggested that a slightly revised version of the hypothesized model produced good fit to the data. In particular, controlling for year in the graduate program, we found the advisory working alliance was linked to students’ research self-efficacy indirectly via relation-inferred self-efficacy (i.e., students’ beliefs about how their advisors viewed their research capabilities). Students’ self-efficacy was, in turn, predictive of their interest in and productivity at research. We discuss the implications of these findings for future research and the practice of advising and research training. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1363	"Morss, R. E. and F. Q. Zhang (2008). """"Linking meteorological education to reality - A prototype undergraduate research study of public response to Hurricane Rita forecasts."""" Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society 89(4): 497-504."""""	" After the 2005 hurricane season, several meteorology students at Texas A&M University became interested in understanding Hurricane Rita's forecasts and societal impacts in greater depth. In response to the students' interest, we developed a collaborative student research study at Texas. A&M University associated with an undergraduate course in the spring semester of 2006. The study included both a meteorological and an interdisciplinary component, in which students performed an in-person survey of Texas Gulf Coast residents. Students were involved in multiple phases of the research, from the design to implementation to dissemination of results. This collaborative research model engaged and motivated the students, providing substantial educational benefits. The study and class linked the students' classroom knowledge to reality while generating new knowledge about the societal aspects of Hurricane Rita and other hurricanes. This paper reviews key aspects of the study and class, presenting a prototype integrated research-education model for others interested in incorporating active learning, collaborative inquiry, and interdisciplinary study into undergraduate classrooms. The model can be implemented at both colleges and research universities for a variety of topics of interest to students, teachers, the research community, and society."""
NaN		1364	"Mortimer, E. F. and A. O. de Araujo (2014). """"Using productive disciplinary engagement and epistemic practices to evaluate a traditional Brazilian high school chemistry classroom."""" International Journal of Educational Research 64: 156-169."""""	" In this article we explore a dilemma a Brazilian teacher faces: on the one hand, she tries to implement inquiry-based teaching in her high school chemistry classroom. On the other hand, she faces the pressure of her private school, which expects that their students pass the tests needed to attend college. In studying this dilemma, we shall explore the epistemic practices students engage during a lab work as possible indicators of the occurrence of productive disciplinary engagement (PDE). The empirical data was obtained from the video of 6 students working as a group during lab work on thermochemistry and kinetics. The results show that POE may not be sufficient to analyze the construction of knowledge in more traditional classrooms. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1365	"Moses, L. (2016). """"Young bilinguals' voices: reflecting on being experts and becoming literate."""" Pedagogies 11(4): 311-334."""""	" This article provides findings about how the construction of literacy practices mediated the positive identity development of first-grade bilinguals in an inquiry-based setting over an academic year. Utilizing a sociocultural approach and a Positive Discourse Analysis lens, the researcher reports findings from an exemplary primary classroom that facilitated positive identity development among young bilinguals as they simultaneously developed language, literacy, and content knowledge."""
NaN		1366	"Moslemi, J. M., et al. (2009). """"Training Tomorrow's Environmental Problem Solvers: An Integrative Approach to Graduate Education."""" BioScience 59(6): 514-521."""""	" Environmental problems are generally complex and blind to disciplinary boundaries. Efforts to devise long-term solutions require collaborative research that integrates knowledge across historically disparate fields, yet the traditional model for training new scientists emphasizes personal independence and disciplinary focus. Growing awareness of the limitations of the traditional model has spurred a reexamination of graduate training in the environmental sciences. Many institutions are implementing novel training approaches, with varying degrees of success. In this article, a group of current and former doctoral students evaluates our collective experience in one such program, the Biogeochemistry and Environmental Biocomplexity Program at Cornell University, funded by an Integrative Graduate Education and Research Traineeship grant from the National Science Foundation. We identify aspects of the program that contributed to our integrative research training experience, and discuss stumbling blocks that may arise in such programs. We conclude with recommendations for students and faculty interested in facilitating cross-disciplinary interactions at their home institutions."""
NaN		1367	"Mottram, D., et al. (2007). """"Evaluation of the current and future provision of undergraduate research projects in UK schools of pharmacy."""" Pharmacy Education: An International Journal of Pharmaceutical Education 7(4): 315-323."""""	" Evidence suggests that there have been significant differences in the way that undergraduate research projects have been operated and assessed in UK Schools of Pharmacy (SoPs). The present study was designed to explore: current thinking within UK SoPs regarding the provision of undergraduate research project modules  whether undergraduate projects are meeting the educational requirements of all students and providing the appropriate knowledge and skills for the profession of pharmacy  the issues that impact on running undergraduate projects and whether they should still form an integral part of the MPharm curriculum. Views of project coordinators and other staff were sought by face-to-face and telephone interviews using a semi-structured interview guide. Interviews were tape recorded and transcripts analysed using constant comparison and thematic analysis. Considerable differences were found in the operation of projects and a number of constraints identified. However, there seemed to be general agreement that a research project should continue to be an integral part of the UK MPharm degree programme. Projects were not perceived as a means of generating publishable research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1368	"Moultrie, R. R., et al. (2016). """"A review on spinal muscular atrophy: Awareness, knowledge, and attitudes."""" Journal of Genetic Counseling 25(5): 892-900."""""	" Spinal Muscular Atrophy (SMA) is one of the most common genetic causes of infant death. There is presently no cure, but the therapeutic pipeline is promising. Given the prevalence of SMA coupled with the potential for new treatment options, universal carrier screening, and newborn screening, we conducted a literature review of the awareness, knowledge, and attitudes held by the public and non-geneticist clinicians about various aspects of SMA. We then identify recommendations for targeting additional research, training, and educational efforts to increase awareness. In the limited available literature, we found that the public is generally unfamiliar with SMA but has favorable views of carrier and newborn screening. Clinicians also had limited understanding of SMA. Further research into knowledge and attitudes of healthcare providers and the general public will help develop a better understanding of education gaps and inform outreach efforts. These educational efforts are needed to complement the momentum as treatments are being developed and tested. Furthermore, professional societies are proposing routine carrier screening and SMA may achieve newborn screening status, which will change the SMA landscape for genetics professionals and families. Thus, it is important to explore knowledge and attitudes about SMA to allow us to prepare for when SMA attains higher public and clinician recognition. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1369	"Moyer, C. A., et al. (2008). """"Quality of life, optimism/pessimism, and knowledge and attitudes toward HIV screening among pregnant women in Ghana."""" Women's Health Issues 18(4): 301-309."""""	" Objective: We sought to explore optimism/pessimism, knowledge of HIV, and attitudes toward HIV screening and treatment among Ghanaian pregnant women. Method: Pregnant women in Accra, Ghana, completed a self-administered questionnaire including the Life Orientation Test-Revised (LOT-R, an optimism/pessimism measure), an HIV knowledge and screening attitudes questionnaire, the Short Form 12 (SF-12, a measure of health-related quality of life [HRQOL]), and a demographic questionnaire. Data were analyzed using f-tests, ANOVA, correlations, and the Χ² test. Results: There were 101 participants  28% were nulliparous. Mean age was 29.7 years, and mean week of gestation was 31.8. All women had heard of AIDS, 27.7% had been tested for HIV before this pregnancy, 46.5% had been tested during this pregnancy, and 59.4% of the sample had ever been tested for HIV. Of those not tested during this pregnancy, 64.2% were willing to be tested. Of all respondents, 89% said they would get tested if antiretroviral drugs (ARVs) were readily available and might prevent maternal-to-child transmission. Neither optimism/pessimism nor HRQOL was associated with attitudes toward HIV screening. Optimism was negatively correlated with HIV knowledge (p = .001) and was positively correlated with having never been tested before this pregnancy (p = .007). Conclusion: The relationship between optimism/pessimism and HIV knowledge and screening behavior is worthy of further study using larger samples and objective measures of testing beyond self-report. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1370	"Moylan, L. B. (2009). """"Construction of an instrument to evaluate nurses' decision making in relation to the use of restraint in acute care psychiatry."""" Issues in Mental Health Nursing 30(11): 712-717."""""	" Use of physical restraint in acute care psychiatry has been, and continues to be, a controversial issue. For this reason, a study was conducted in 1996 that examined nurses’ decision making related to the use of physical restraint with aggressive psychiatric patients. An instrument, the Moylan Assessment of Progressive Aggression Tool (MAPAT), was developed for this purpose. Information relating to this instrument has not been previously published. It is currently in use in an ongoing research study by the author. A description of the process of the development of the MAPAT is provided here, along with the validity and reliability of the instrument, and implications for potential use in research, training, and education. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1371	"Mueller, M. M. (2007). """"Malthus under a Microscope: Using the Soil Nematode """"Coenorhabditis elegans"""" to Test Darwin's Premises about Populations."""" American Biology Teacher 69(4): 219-225."""""	" Biological evolution is one of the over-arching concepts recommended for student learning by the ""National Science Education Standards."""" As with all such complex concepts, student understanding of evolution is improved when instruction includes hands-on, inquiry-based activities. However, even authors writing in strong support of teaching evolution sometimes offer discouraging remarks about using inquiry-based learning. """"In spite of strong justification for including evolution-related instruction in biology curricula, """"descent with modification"""" is a particularly difficult educational issue, for by its very nature, evolution is an abstract and generally nonobservable phenomenon."""" """"Things in science can be studied even if they cannot be directly observed or experimented on."""" This article discusses a laboratory activity with the goal of providing students with an instructive and classroom-friendly living model with which to test, firsthand, some of Darwin's premises about populations, competition, and natural selection. This activity addresses the """"National Science Education Standards"""" for grades 9-12. This article presents the materials, advance preparation by the instructor as well as assessment and results of the activity. (Contains 5 figures.)"""""
NaN		1372	"Mueller, M. P. (2009). """"Educational Reflections on the """"Ecological Crisis"""": EcoJustice, Environmentalism, and Sustainability."""" Science & Education 18(8): 1031-1056."""""	" There is a tendency by scholars arguing for a more just and sustainable future to position the ""ecological crisis"""" as a fundamental reason for major educational reforms. Relying on crisis-talk to fuel social and environmental justice and environmentalism reinforces the thinking of the past, which inadvertently perpetuates the acceptance of present cultural attitudes which frame our relationships with others and the natural world. To evaluate previous cultural thinking and associated traditions of Euro-West society, Chet Bowers asserts that we ought to analyze how assumptions are carried forward as metaphors, which are associated with attitudes towards science, technology, and nature. This pedagogy is called """"ecojustice education"""" and serves to conserve and sustain cultural diversity and the biodiversity of Earth's ecosystems, which are threatened and vulnerable. But, also carried forward in the language of ecojustice philosophy (and other ecological works) is a presumption that feeds into scientifically proving that a crisis exists, which is associated with organizing schools around an implicit shock doctrine of fear and urgency. This paper explores these assumptions and others associated with a supposition of ecological crisis. The ecological crisis has the potential to marginalize many diverse people who are needed during these times of increasing ecological awareness and uncertainties. Situating education (and the world) in the frenzy associated with crisis, versus the assertion that schools should increase awareness around the belief that a more sustainable lifestyle is beneficial for the individual, the community and the environment is a worthwhile debate and is rich with respect to research opportunities in education."""""
NaN		1373	"Muffly, T. M., et al. (2010). """"Factors used by female pelvic medicine and reconstructive surgery fellowship directors to select their fellows."""" International Urogynecology Journal 21(3): 349-352."""""	" We report the attributes of Female Pelvic Medicine and Reconstructive Surgery (FPM&RS) fellowship applicants that are most valued by fellowship program directors during the ranking process. Anonymous questionnaires were filled out by FPM&RS fellowship program directors following the 2008 match. The survey was designed to assess the relative importance of various factors in the ranking of fellowship applicants. Surveys were sent to 67 program directors, and 21 completed the survey (31%). Items ranked as the most important in the selection process were a high quality obstetrics and gynecology residency education (8.2 +/- 1.2), followed by clinical research experience (7.4 +/- 1.4). Ability to work well with staff and work ethic were considered to be the most important subjective criteria. Our results support anecdotal evidence that placed emphasis on research experience and interpersonal skills in the selection of FPM&RS fellows."""
NaN		1374	"Mui, M. S. (2010). """"Experiencing Clay: Inquiry-Based Learning and Assessment for Learning."""" International Journal of Art & Design Education 29(3): 244-256."""""	" This article presents an examination of the effects of using an inquiry-based learning pedagogy to teach ceramics to pre-service teachers (my students) at the Hong Kong Institute of Education. At the beginning of the study the students were asked to conduct experiments on the properties of clay. The results indicate that half of them were able to transfer the knowledge and inquiry skills they had acquired from the experiments to their subsequent artwork production, but that the other half could not. I realised that the students needed more guidance to bridge the gap between their initial inquiries and their subsequent artistic creations. This could be done by explaining clearly the objectives of the inquiry-based learning activities  employing strategies of assessment for learning: that is, setting explicit assessment criteria  involving the students in self-assessments  and focusing more on methods of knowledge transfer and ways of bringing about improvements."""
NaN		1375	"Muir, M. J. and M. W. Schwartz (2009). """"Academic Research Training for a Nonacademic Workplace: a Case Study of Graduate Student Alumni Who Work in Conservation."""" Conservation Biology 23(6): 1357-1368."""""	" Graduate education in conservation biology has been assailed as ineffective and inadequate to train the professionals needed to solve conservation problems. To identify how graduate education might better fit the needs of the conservation workplace, we surveyed practitioners and academics about the importance of particular skills on the job and the perceived importance of teaching those same skills in graduate school. All survey participants (n = 189) were alumni from the University of California Davis Graduate Group in Ecology and received thesis-based degrees from 1973 to 2008. Academic and practitioner respondents clearly differed in workplace skills, although there was considerably more agreement in training recommendations. On the basis of participant responses, skill sets particularly at risk of underemphasis in graduate programs are decision making and implementation of policy, whereas research skills may be overemphasized. Practitioners in different job positions, however, require a variety of skill sets, and we suggest that ever-increasing calls to broaden training to fit this multitude of jobs will lead to a trade-off in the teaching of other skills. Some skills, such as program management, may be best developed in on-the-job training or collaborative projects. We argue that the problem of graduate education in conservation will not be solved by restructuring academia alone. Conservation employers need to communicate their specific needs to educators, universities need to be more flexible with their opportunities, and students need to be better consumers of the skills offered by universities and other institutions."""
NaN		1376	"Mukanga, D., et al. (2010). """"Field Epidemiology Training Programmes in Africa - Where are the Graduates?"""" Human Resources for Health 8."""""	" Background: The current shortage of human resources for health threatens the attainment of the Millennium Development Goals. There is currently limited published evidence of health-related training programmes in Africa that have produced graduates, who remain and work in their countries after graduation. However, anecdotal evidence suggests that the majority of graduates of field epidemiology training programmes (FETPs) in Africa stay on to work in their home countries-many as valuable resources to overstretched health systems. Methods: Alumni data from African FETPs were reviewed in order to establish graduate retention. Retention was defined as a graduate staying and working in their home country for at least 3 years after graduation. African FETPs are located in Burkina Faso, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Nigeria, Rwanda, South Africa, the United Republic of Tanzania, Uganda and Zimbabwe. However, this paper only includes the Uganda and Zimbabwe FETPs, as all the others are recent programmes. Results: This review shows that enrolment increased over the years, and that there is high graduate retention, with 85.1% (223/261) of graduates working within country of training  most working with Ministries of Health (46.2%  105/261) and non-governmental organizations (17.5%  40/261). Retention of graduates with a medical undergraduate degree was higher (Zimbabwe 80% [36/83]  Uganda 90.6% [125/178]) than for those with other undergraduate qualifications (Zimbabwe 71.1% [27/83]  Uganda 87.5% [35/178]). Conclusions: African FETPs have unique features which may explain their high retention of graduates. These include: programme ownership by ministries of health and local universities  well defined career paths  competence-based training coupled with a focus on field practice during training  awarding degrees upon completion  extensive training and research opportunities made available to graduates  and the social capital acquired during training."""
NaN		1377	"Mukherjee, A. and S. Stern (2009). """"Disclosure or secrecy? The dynamics of Open Science."""" International Journal of Industrial Organization 27(3): 449-462."""""	" Open Science is a dynamic system of knowledge production that depends on the disclosure of knowledge by researchers as an input into knowledge production by future researchers. To analyze the conditions supporting Open Science, we develop an overlapping generations model that focuses on the trade-off between disclosure and secrecy. While secrecy yields private returns that are independent of the actions of future generations, the benefits of disclosure depend in part on the use of disclosed knowledge by the subsequent researchers. We show that Open Science and Secrecy are both potential equilibria, and that the feasibility of Open Science depends on factors such as the costs of accessing knowledge from prior generations and the relative benefits to private exploitation under secrecy versus disclosure. In parameter regions where both Open Science and Secrecy can be supported, Open Science is associated with a higher level of social welfare. The analysis has policy implications for a number of areas, including public support for research training, appropriate design of formal intellectual property, and the role of scientific norms and institutions (such as an effective peer review process) in maintaining Open Science over the long run. (C) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1378	"Mulder, Y. G., et al. (2014). """"Using heuristic worked examples to promote inquiry-based learning."""" Learning and Instruction 29: 56-64."""""	" Inquiry learning can be facilitated by having students investigate the domain through a computer simulation and express their acquired understanding in a runnable computer model. This study investigated whether heuristic worked examples can further enhance students’ inquiry behaviour, the quality of the models they create, and their domain knowledge. High-school students were offered a simulation of an electrical circuit and a modelling tool. Students in the experimental condition (n = 46) could consult heuristic worked examples that explained what activities were needed and how they should be performed. Students in the control condition (n = 36) did not receive this support. Cross-condition comparisons confirmed that heuristic worked examples improved students’ inquiry behaviour and enhanced the quality of their models. However, few students created a model that reflected full understanding of the electrical circuit, and the expected between-group difference in posttest scores failed to appear. Based on these findings, improvements to the design of heuristic worked examples are proposed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1379	"Mullan, J. R., et al. (2014). """"Investigating the impact of a research-based integrated curriculum on self-perceived research experiences of medical students in community placements: a pre- and post-test analysis of three student cohorts."""" Bmc Medical Education 14."""""	" Background: To build research capacity among graduating medical students, the teaching of research and critical analysis was integrated into the University of Wollongong (UoW) new, graduate-entry medical curriculum. This study examined whether the self-perceived research experiences of medical students, and consequent research capability, were influenced by exposure to this innovative research and critical analysis curriculum, which incorporated a 12-month community-based research project, and associated assessment tasks. Methods: The first three medical students cohorts (N = 221) completed a self-assessment of their research experiences in ten areas of research activity. Their responses were collected: before and after they undertook an individual community-based research project within a 12-month regional/rural clinical placement. The research areas investigated by the self-assessment tool were: (i) defining a research question/idea  (ii) writing a research protocol  (iii) finding relevant literature  (iv) critically reviewing the literature  (v) using quantitative research methods  (vi) using qualitative research methods  (vii) analysing and interpreting results  (viii) writing and presenting a research report  (ix) publishing results  and (x) applying for research funding. Results: Participation rates of 94% (207/221) pre-placement and 99% (219/221) post-placement were achieved from the three student cohorts. Following the successful completion of the research projects and their assessment tasks, the median responses were significantly higher (p < 0.05) in nine of the ten research areas. The only area of research for which there was no increase recorded for any one of the three cohorts, or overall, was (x) applying for research funding. This activity was not a component of the UoW research and critical analysis curriculum and the item was included as a test of internal validity. Significant gains were also seen between cohorts in some key research areas. Conclusions: Improved research capability among medical students was evidenced by increased scores in various areas of research experience in the context of successful completion of relevant assessment tasks. The results suggest that research capability of medical students can be positively influenced by the provision of a research-based integrated medical curriculum and further consolidated by authentic learning experiences, gained through conducting 'hands-on' research projects, under the supervision and mentoring of research-qualified academics."""
NaN		1380	Muller, F. H., et al. (2011). Effects of a Research-Based Learning Approach in Teacher Professional Development.	" The article examines the effects of teacher professional development, which follows a research-based learning approach focused on ""action research"""" (Altrichter, Feldman, Posch & Somekh 2007). Using integrated research methods, the study examines the extent to which the four-semester university programme, """"Pedagogy and Subject Didactics for Teachers"""" (PFL), has an impact on its participants. The study follows a longitudinal design, which focuses on input factors, processes, and outcomes. Its core component consists of testing for teaching-related analysis components using a video task (Krammer et al., 2006) conducted before and after the course. Based on an instructional video sequence on the topic of geometry, the study assesses the extent to which participants of the PFL mathematics course differ from those of other PFL courses."""""
NaN		1381	"Mullikin, E. A., et al. (2007). """"Assessing research self-efficacy in physician-scientists: The clinical research appraisal inventory."""" Journal of Career Assessment 15(3): 367-387."""""	" Between 1980 and 1993, only 19% of medical school graduates chose faculty appointments with research responsibilities. Women and minorities represent only a small fraction of these, despite their growing numbers. The authors' goal is to study the effects of human agency, particularly self-efficacy, on the career development of physician researchers, especially women and people of color  therefore, we developed a reliable and valid inventory for assessing clinical research self-efficacy in a population of physicians training for clinical research careers. Scale items were pooled from expert knowledge, relevant literature, and existing inventories to create a 92-item Clinical Research Appraisal Inventory that was factor analyzed and refilled to include 88 items. Although instruments have been developed to successfully assess research self-efficacy, this is the first instrument designed to assess self-efficacy in the clinical research domain using a population of academic physicians."""
NaN		1382	"Mumba, F., et al. (2007). """"Analysis of new Zambian high school physics syllabus and practical examinations for levels of inquiry and inquiry skills."""" EURASIA Journal of Mathematics, Science & Technology Education 3(3): 213-220."""""	" The purpose of this study was to analyze the new Zambian high school physics syllabus and practical examinations for levels of inquiry and inquiry skills. Several inquiry skills are explicitly emphasized in the introduction, aims, content objectives and assessment sections in the national high school physics syllabus. However, the syllabus is less explicit on levels of inquiry. The syllabus has no suggested inquiry activities and guidelines for inquiry-based teaching. As such, teachers are expected to create inquiry activities for their physics lessons to address the content and inquiry skills outlined in the syllabus. The experiments in the practical examinations were restricted to structured and confirmation/verification inquiry levels. The inquiry skills emphasized in the practical examinations were the same as those outlined in the physics syllabus. Implications for science teaching, learning, and curriculum design have been stated. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1383	"Mummolo, G. (2007). """"The Future for Industrial Engineers: Education and Research Opportunities."""" European Journal of Engineering Education 32(5): 587-598."""""	" EU graduation and the recruitment of industrial engineers (IEs) have been investigated. An increasing demand is observed for graduates in almost all industrial engineering (IE) subjects. The labour market in the EU is evolving towards the service sector even if manufacturing still represents a significant share of both IE employment and gross domestic product. On average, IE in the EU is still within the framework of the ""market-driven"""" paradigm, which contrasts with the knowledge society aims pursued by the """"Bologna process"""". R&D resources and human capital are identified as major success factors to overcome current limits for IE development in the EU. With reference to both factors, a comparison between the EU, Japan and the US is provided. In the EU, the attractiveness of universities and the social dimension are recognized as major forces attracting human capital. Patent maps outline current and future IE research and education fields of interests. Finally, EU higher education opportunities are briefly described. (Contains 2 tables and 6 figures.)"""""
NaN		1384	"Munakata, M. and A. Vaidya (2013). """"Fostering Creativity through Personalized Education."""" PRIMUS 23(9): 764-775."""""	" This article focuses on the philosophy of creativity and its enhancement through an undergraduate research experience. In this paper we offer suggestions for infusing the undergraduate mathematics and science curriculum with research experiences as a way of fostering creativity in our students. We refer to the term ""research"""" broadly, offering suggestions to accommodate students from various backgrounds and with different goals. We posit that creativity is a necessary component of scientific thinking, producing students that are motivated, passionate, skilled, adaptable, and responsible. Research experiences at the undergraduate level instill a deep sense of personalized education and learning that can make the entire university experience extremely pleasurable and of lasting value."""""
NaN		1385	"Munk‐Jørgensen, P., et al. (2015). """"The gap between available knowledge and its use in clinical psychiatry."""" Acta Psychiatrica Scandinavica 132(6): 441-450."""""	" Objective: The time span between knowledge becoming available and its integration into daily clinical routine is lengthy. This phenomenon is explored in this study. Method: We used the outcomes of our activities for investigating and strengthening the research‐based activities to improve physical health in the routines of clinical psychiatric wards as examples for our analyses. Results: The time span between new knowledge becoming available and its implementation into general clinical treatment is very long. However, a shortening of this time span is seen through active leadership backup and clinical research experience among psychiatrists and staff in the wards. In particular, the involvement of medical students interested in clinical research activities seems to have a positive impact. Conclusion: Academia needs to be re‐implemented into clinical psychiatry. Staff with research experience is needed in all professions to increase evidence‐based practice. Leaders must take responsibility for implementing new knowledge into the routines of the department and must support staff in these activities on a daily basis. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1386	"Munk-Jorgensen, P., et al. (2015). """"The gap between available knowledge and its use in clinical psychiatry."""" Acta Psychiatrica Scandinavica 132(6): 441-450."""""	" Objective: The time span between knowledge becoming available and its integration into daily clinical routine is lengthy. This phenomenon is explored in this study. Method: We used the outcomes of our activities for investigating and strengthening the research-based activities to improve physical health in the routines of clinical psychiatric wards as examples for our analyses. Results: The time span between new knowledge becoming available and its implementation into general clinical treatment is very long. However, a shortening of this time span is seen through active leadership backup and clinical research experience among psychiatrists and staff in the wards. In particular, the involvement of medical students interested in clinical research activities seems to have a positive impact. Conclusion: Academia needs to be re-implemented into clinical psychiatry. Staff with research experience is needed in all professions to increase evidence-based practice. Leaders must take responsibility for implementing new knowledge into the routines of the department and must support staff in these activities on a daily basis."""
NaN		1387	"Munn-Giddings, C., et al. (2016). """"Learning from older citizens’ research groups."""" Educational Gerontology 42(1): 58-69."""""	" This article adds to an ongoing conversation in gerontology about the importance of training and involving older people in research. Currently, the literature rarely distinguishes between the one-off involvement of older citizens in research projects and the development of research groups led by older people that sustain over time as well as the nature of educational initiatives that support their development. This article presents a case-study based on evaluative data from the WhyNot! Older Citizens’ Research Group that has been running independently for nearly eight years. Members’ evaluations of, and reflections on, the impact of the training program explore from their perspective: Why older people want to get involved in research training and research groups, what they value most in the training, and the types of impact their involvement has had. Creating an educational environment where participants were able to contribute their knowledge in a new context as well learn new skills through group-work based experiential learning were key. Regular role-modeling provided by inputs from successful established citizen research groups was also important. Of the many benefits members gained from being part of a research group, emphasis was given to the relational aspects of the experience. Likewise the benefits members’ accorded to taking part in training and research transcended individual benefits encompassing benefits to the collective and the wider community. Linking health, social care and educational policies is important in providing coherence and opportunity for older people’s voices to shape research, policy, and practice. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1388	"Murdoch-Eaton, D., et al. (2010). """"What do medical students understand by research and research skills? Identifying research opportunities within undergraduate projects."""" Medical Teacher 32(3): e152-e160."""""	" Background: Undergraduate research exposure leads to increased recruitment into academic medicine, enhanced employability and improved postgraduate research productivity. Uptake of undergraduate research opportunities is reported to be disappointing, and little is known about how students perceive research. Aim: To investigate opportunities for undergraduate participation in research, recognition of such opportunities, and associated skills development. Method: A mixed method approach, incorporating student focus and study groups, and documentary analysis at five UK medical schools. Results: Undergraduates recognised the benefits of acquiring research skills, but identified practical difficulties and disadvantages of participating. Analysis of 905 projects in four main research skill areas—(1) research methods  (2) information gathering  (3) critical analysis and review  (4) data processing—indicated 52% of projects provided opportunities for students to develop one or more skills, only 13% offered development in all areas. In 17%, project descriptions provided insufficient information to determine opportunities. Supplied with information from a representative sample of projects (n = 80), there was little consensus in identifying skills among students or between students and researchers. Consensus improved dramatically following guidance on how to identify skills. Conclusions: Undergraduates recognise the benefits of research experience but need a realistic understanding of the research process. Opportunities for research skill development may not be obvious. Undergraduates require training to recognise the skills required for research and enhanced transparency in potential project outcomes. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1389	"Murphy, S. L., et al. (2010). """"Development and evaluation of the University of Michigan's Practice-Oriented Research Training (PORT) program."""" American Journal of Occupational Therapy 64(5): 796-803."""""	" We describe the development and evaluation of a clinical research training program designed specifically for such health professionals as occupational and physical therapists. Outcomes of program success included trainees’ self-rating of research skills before and after the program, as well as submission of a formal grant application to a grant competition for program participants. At program completion, participants reported improvements in their research skills, with the most gain in formulating research questions and writing a testable hypothesis and the least gain in understanding statistics. Of the 21 participants, 43% submitted a grant proposal to a competitive intramural grant program. In the next year, grantees of the program will continue to be mentored by the program mentors while conducting their research projects. Given the initial successes, this program represents a promising model for providing research training to practicing clinicians. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1390	"Murray, P. E. and S. A. Murray (2007). """"Promoting Sustainability Values within Career-Oriented Degree Programmes: A Case Study Analysis."""" International Journal of Sustainability in Higher Education 8(3): 285-300."""""	" Purpose: This paper aims to analyse an initiative to provide learners on ""career-based"""" programmes with opportunities to reflect upon their values within the context of sustainability. Design/methodology/approach: An international literature review relating values and behaviour to the sustainability agenda led to the development of """"sustainability training"""" workshop activities for construction students at the University of Plymouth. The activities, drawing on good practice from a range of education for sustainability initiatives and the behavioral discipline Neuro Linguistic Programming, enable participants to elicit and reflect upon their core values and to relate these to key sustainability issues. Following multiple pilots the workshops were offered as voluntary field trials to students, their effectiveness being measured through structured feedback. Findings: The feedback returns demonstrate the popularity of the enquiry-based learning techniques utilized and the effectiveness of the individual activities in achieving their aims. Constructive criticism centred on the need to simplify some of the activity instructions. Practical implications: This research shows that open-ended enquiry-based learning techniques are useful for promoting sustainability values within educational programmes. As the activities described here are not discipline-specific, they have potential to be adapted for similar disciplines at other institutions and for use with other career-based disciplines. Originality/value: Much is written about the need to embed sustainability values in the curriculum. This paper describes a method of fulfilling this need and may be of significant value to those attempting to embed sustainability within educational programmes. (Contains 5 figures and 3 tables.)"""""
NaN		1391	"Murthy, K. N. C. (2014). """"Pharmacy Education system in India: Time to revisit teaching and training modules to meet global expectation."""" Indian Journal of Pharmaceutical Education and Research 48(2): 1-3."""""	" The focus of higher education has witnessed a paradigm shift from mere addressing the needs of literacy to cater to wider global challenges. With success of opportunity based learning, it is clear that higher education should prepare an individual with outcome based learning, focusing on cognitive, affective and psychomotor skills. In this regard, the present article addresses some of the key components that need to be revised in the pharmacy education in line with development of Pharmaceuticals and Health care system across the globe. Based on my personal experience, I have made an attempt to shed some light on important issues that needs to be revised specifically in research and academic streams. I am certain that many of my fellow professionals share this view and are optimistic about the future."""
NaN		1392	"Musante, S. (2011). """"Forging a 21st Century Model for Undergraduate Research."""" BioScience 61(1): 18."""""	" Not all biology students get to experience scientific research firsthand, but the National Genomics Research Initiative (NGRI) is working to change that. The NGRI is the first initiative to spring from Howard Hughes Medical Institute's (HHMI) new Science Education Alliance (SEA). At present, a competitive application process determines which institutions become part of NGRI. The goal is to make the experience readily available to all who are interested within the next few years. Participating faculty receive curricular resources and a framework to infuse genomic research into a yearlong course, as well as connections to other faculty in the SEA network. Undergraduates taking part in the courses become bacteriophage ""hunters,"""" sampling their local environments for novel bacteriophage species. In the first semester, students isolate, characterize, and purify phages, completing a preliminary characterization of the phages' DNA before sending it to the sequencing center. The following semester, students annotate their phages' DNA sequences and select one to submit to GenBank. They present their research to fellow students at their home institutions, and selected students give presentations at an annual SEA symposium."""""
NaN		1393	"Mustanski, B. (2015). """"Future directions in research on sexual minority adolescent mental, behavioral, and sexual health."""" Journal of Clinical Child and Adolescent Psychology 44(1): 204-219."""""	" This article describes current knowledge on sexual, mental, and behavioral health of sexual minority (SM) youth and identifies gaps that would benefit from future research. A translational sciences framework is used to conceptualize the article, discussing findings and gaps along the spectrum from basic research on prevalence and mechanisms, to intervention development and testing, to implementation. Relative to adults, there has been much less research on adolescents and very few studies that had longitudinal follow-up beyond 1 year. Due to historical changes in the social acceptance of the SM community, new cohorts are needed to represent contemporary life experiences and associated health consequences. Important theoretical developments have occurred in conceptualizing mechanisms that drive SM health disparities and mechanistic research is underway, including studies that identify individual and structural risk/protective factors. Research opportunities exist in the utilization of sibling-comparison designs, inclusion of parents, and studying romantic relationships. Methodological innovation is needed in sampling SM populations. There has been less intervention research and approaches should consider natural resiliencies, life-course frameworks, prevention science, multiple levels of influence, and the importance of implementation. Regulatory obstacles are created when ethics boards elect to require parental permission and ethics research is needed. There has been inconsistent inclusion of SM populations in the definition of 'health disparity population,' which impacts funding and training opportunities. There are incredible opportunities for scholars to make substantial and foundational contributions to help address the health of SM youth, and new funding opportunities to do so. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1394	"Mutikanga, H. E., et al. (2013). """"Methods and Tools for Managing Losses in Water Distribution Systems."""" Journal of Water Resources Planning and Management-Asce 139(2): 166-174."""""	" The water industry worldwide is facing challenges of water and revenue losses. To reduce these losses and improve efficiency of water distribution systems, tools and methods have been developed over the years. This paper reviews the current tools and methodologies applied to assess, monitor, and control losses in water distribution systems. The aim is to identify the tools and methods that have been applied, knowledge gaps, and future research needs. The review findings indicate that a number of water loss management tools and methods have been developed and applied. They vary from simple managerial tools such as performance indicators to highly sophisticated optimization methods such as evolutionary algorithms. However, their application to real-world water distribution systems has been found to be generally limited. Future research opportunities exist through close collaboration of research institutions and water service providers to close the gap between theory and applications. Although not exhaustive, this review could be a valuable reference resource for practitioners and researchers dealing with water loss management in water distribution systems. DOI:10.1061/(ASCE)WR.1943-5452.0000245. (C) 2013 American Society of Civil Engineers."""
NaN		1395	"Mutonyi, H., et al. (2007). """"Building Scientific Literacy in HIV/AIDS Education: A Case Study of Uganda."""" International Journal of Science Education 29(11): 1363-1385."""""	" The term scientific literacy is defined differently in different contexts. The term literacy simply refers to the ability for one to read and write, but recent studies in language literacy have extended this definition. New literacy research seeks a redefinition in terms of how skills are used rather than how they are learned. Contemporary perspectives on literacy as a transfer of learned skills into daily life practises capture the understanding of what it means to be scientifically literate. Scientific literacy requires students to be able to use their scientific knowledge independently in the everyday world. Some models for teaching towards scientific literacy have been suggested including inquiry-based learning embedded in constructivist epistemologies. The inquiry-based model is posited to be effective at bringing about in-depth understanding of scientific concepts through engaging students' preconceptions. In order to establish whether directly engaging students' preconceptions can lead to in-depth understanding of the science of HIV/AIDS, a case study was designed to elucidate students' prior knowledge. From questionnaires and classroom observations, Ugandan Grade 11 students' persistent preconceptions were explored in follow-up focus group discussions. The inquiry process was used to engage students with their own perceptions of HIV/AIDS during the focus group discussions. Findings suggest that students need to dialogue with each other as they reflect on their beliefs about HIV/AIDS. Dialogue enabled students to challenge their beliefs while making connections between ""school"""" and """"home"""" knowledge."""""
NaN		1396	"Muwanga-Zake, W. J. (2009). """"Building Bridges across Knowledge Systems: Ubuntu and Participative Research Paradigms in Bantu Communities."""" Discourse: Studies in the Cultural Politics of Education 30(4): 413-426."""""	" This paper discusses how Ubuntu as a philosophy and a methodology was used among Bantu in South Africa together with participative Western paradigms in evaluating an educational computer game. The paper argues that research among Bantu has to articulate research experiences within Ubuntu paradigms if valid outcomes are to be realised. (Contains 1 figure.)"""
NaN		1397	"Mwinga, A. and K. Moodley (2015). """"Engaging with Community Advisory Boards (CABs) in Lusaka Zambia: Perspectives from the research team and CAB members."""" BMC Medical Ethics 16."""""	" Background: The use of a Community Advisory Board (CAB) is one method of ensuring community engagement in community based research. To identify the process used to constitute CABs in Zambia, this paper draws on the perspectives of both research team members and CAB members from research groups who used CABs in Lusaka. Enabling and restricting factors impacting on the functioning of the CAB were identified. Methods: All studies approved by the University of Zambia Bioethics Research Committee (UBNZABREC) from 2008—2012 were reviewed to identify those studies that were likely to include a CAB. Eight teams with studies that included a CAB were identified. For each of these studies, consent was obtained to conduct an informal interview with a research team member and to obtain contact details for one CAB member. In total 14 interviews were conducted with 8 research team members and 6 CAB members from 12–30 August 2013. Results: Identification of potential CAB members from the community and their participation in developing the terms of reference for CABs was perceived to have contributed to the success of the CAB. Due to the trust that the community had in members of their community the CABs were then in a stronger position to influence community participation in the research. Training of CAB members was identified as a factor that enhanced the functioning of a CAB. Lack of commitment and low literacy levels of CAB members posed a threat to the role of the CAB. Although compensation in the form of a stipend was not provided, CAB members were provided with transport reimbursements for attending meetings. Conclusions: Selection of CAB members from within the community contributed to community confidence in the CAB, enhancing its ability to act as an effective link between study team and community. This contributed positively to the conduct of the study and enhanced community awareness and acceptance of the research. However, establishment of study specific CABs has the potential to compromise CAB independence due to support provided by the research team in the form of transport reimbursements and other forms of support. Consideration should be given to establishing community wide Community Advisory Boards that could function across a range of studies to increase independent objective decision-making. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1398	"Nabulsi, M., et al. (2011). """"Parental attitudes towards and perceptions of their children's participation in clinical research: A developing-country perspective."""" Journal of Medical Ethics: Journal of the Institute of Medical Ethics 37(7): 420-423."""""	" Background: Paediatric clinical research faces unique challenges that compromise optimal recruitment of children into clinical trials A main barrier to enrolment of children is parental misconceptions about the research process In developing countries, there is a knowledge gap regarding parental perceptions of and attitudes towards their children's participation in clinical trials Objective: To explore such perceptions and attitudes in Lebanese parents Study design: 33 in-depth interviews were conducted with parents with and without previous research experience. Interviews were tape-recorded, transcribed in colloquial Arabic, and later subjected to thematic analysis Results: Benefit/risk ratio assessment was a major determinant of parental consent. Fear of adverse events or painful procedures in research was a recurring theme in most interviews Whereas perception of direct benefit to the child, trust in the physician or institution, financial gains or having a positive previous experience in research facilitated consent, a complex informed consent form and misunderstanding of the term 'randomisation' hindered parental approval of participation Conclusion: Lebanese parents have perceptions of and attitudes towards children's participation in clinical trials that are similar to those reported from the industrialised world. Improving communication with parents and building trust between researchers and parents is important for successful recruitment. Investigators planning to conduct paediatric trials in developing countries need to simplify consent forms and devise new ways to explain randomisation. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1399	"Nadelson, L. S. and G. M. Sinatra (2009). """"Educational professionals' knowledge and acceptance of evolution."""" Evolutionary Psychology 7(4): 490-516."""""	" This study sought to determine if we could identify a cadre of educational professionals with sufficient knowledge and acceptance of biological evolution to objectively evaluate the merits of the emerging discipline of evolutionary educational psychology. Members of APA and AERA were recruited to complete surveys measuring demographic characteristics, evolution knowledge (specifically natural selection), and evolution acceptance. We tested a model representing propensity toward open-minded examination of the merits of evolutionary educational psychology. Results showed evolution knowledge and acceptance, personal beliefs, academic and research experience, were key indicators of willingness to engage in objective evaluation of this new discipline. We conclude that there are a number of educational professionals with sufficient levels of evolution knowledge and acceptance to evaluate the plausibility and applicability of this new perspective. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1400	"Nadelson, L. S., et al. (2010). """"Course-Integrated Undergraduate Research Experiences Structured at Different Levels of Inquiry."""" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 11(1): 18."""""	" Enhancing undergraduate students' preparation and interest in science careers frequently involves engagement in authentic research experiences. Traditional undergraduate research (UR) one-to-one faculty-to-student ratio is challenged by demand and cost, motivating the development of alternative approaches to offering these experiences. Embracing this challenge we integrated UR experiences into three undergraduate biology courses, each taking a different approach to engaging students. The approaches varied the amount of teacher and student responsibility, reflecting different levels of inquiry instruction  one in which students were embedded into the faculty's on-going research  a second in which faculty provided the hypotheses and methodology and students were responsible for experiment details and implementation  and a third in which students were responsible for all aspects of research on any topic that fit within the scope of the course. We assessed and compared students' affective and cognitive outcomes related to engagement in scientific research. Overall, all participants felt their experiences were effective for learning and positively influenced interest in and knowledge of science. However, students' perceived gains differed, with greatest gains detected in students engaged in the most authentic inquiry approach (ANOVA: p less than 0.01). (Contains 5 tables and 3 figures.)"""
NaN		1401	"Nadelson, L. S., et al. (2015). """"Life's Lessons in the Lab: A Summer of Learning from Undergraduate Research Experiences."""" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 16(3): 5-12."""""	" Research experiences for undergraduates (REUs) seek to increase the participating students' knowledge and perceptions of scientific research through engagement in laboratory research and related activities. Various REU outcomes have been investigated including influence on participants' content knowledge, career plans, and general perceptions of their domains of research. The complexity of REUs and dynamic nature of student development provide opportunity for exploring how REUs influence student growth. Our research focused on first- and second-year college students who participated in a residential REU program that took place in a chemistry department in a metropolitan university in the western United States. We assessed the standard REU outcomes and sought to document the emotions the student experienced through their participation. In addition, we used the developmental framework of self-authorship (Baxter-Magolda, 2004) as a lens to investigate the participants' professional identity development. Our mixed methods research revealed shifts in the participants' perceptions of science, increases in their knowledge of chemistry, and clarity in their career trajectories. We also found that the REU participants experienced profound levels of professional identity growth and used a number of affective terms, such as confidence, persistence, patience, and enjoyment, to describe their experience. Interpretations and implications are discussed."""
NaN		1402	"Nadolski, J. and L. A. Smith (2010). """"Combining Efforts to Encourage Student Research in Collaborative Quantitative Fields."""" PRIMUS 20(3): 228-244."""""	" As technology and science advance, the boundary between the disciplines begins to blur, emphasizing that it is now, more than ever, a requirement to have a solid background in multiple fields to fully understand emerging scientific advances. As faculty, we need to equip our undergraduate students not only with an introduction to these modern concepts, but also with the ability to apply them in future careers. In order to address this need, we have begun collaborating with faculty outside our individual fields to help educate students in the classroom and aid in our research projects. Specifically, we have combined undergraduate research students from both biology and mathematics departments to work together on projects requiring input from both perspectives. Students work side by side performing experiments, analyzing data, and teaching each other pertinent background information. Students benefit from this research since they encounter real-world data sets whose analysis requires knowledge beyond the typical textbook examples. In addition to performing experiments, students participate in journal clubs to stimulate discussion of experiments and to improve data analysis skills. This type of collaborative learning can also be applied to small classroom settings. (Contains 1 figure.)"""
NaN		1403	"Nam, J., et al. (2013). """"The Effect of a Collaborative Mentoring Program on Beginning Science Teachers' Inquiry-Based Teaching Practice."""" International Journal of Science Education 35(5): 815-836."""""	" This study investigated how a collaborative mentoring program influenced beginning science teachers' inquiry-based teaching and their reflection on practice. The one-year program consisted of five one-on-one mentoring meetings, weekly science education seminars, weekly mentoring group discussions, and self-evaluation activities. The participants were three beginning science teachers and three mentors at the middle school level (7-9th grades) in an urban area of South Korea. For each beginning teacher, five lessons were evaluated in terms of lesson design/implementation, procedural knowledge, and classroom culture by using the Reformed Teaching Observation Protocol. Five aspects of the beginning teachers' reflections were identified. This study showed that a collaborative mentoring program focusing on inquiry-based science teaching encouraged the beginning teachers to reflect on their own perceptions and teaching practice in terms of inquiry-based science teaching, which led to changes in their teaching practice. This study also highlighted the importance of collaborative interactions between the mentors and the beginning teachers during the mentoring process. (Contains 1 figure and 4 tables.)"""
NaN		1404	"Nance, M. A. (2007). """"Comprehensive care in Huntington's disease: A physician's perspective."""" Brain Research Bulletin 72(2-3): 175-178."""""	" Huntington's disease is a slowly progressive neurodegenerative disorder with wide-ranging effects on affected individuals and their families. Until a cure is found for the disease, patients and their families will continue to need care over years, even generations. The ideal care for HD is provided by a team, led by a physician, with input from rehabilitation therapists, nurses, psychologists, genetic counselors, social workers, and other health care providers. The goals of care are to maximize the quality of life at all points through the course of the disease, in part by anticipating problems that are likely to arise at the next stage of the illness. We describe below an approach to comprehensive care, and introduce the concept of the 'Huntington disease molecule', in which the patient, in the center, is surrounded by a shell of immediate and extended family members, with bonds extended in multiple directions to provider who can give appropriate medical care, education, crisis management, research opportunities, address family issues, maximize function, and prepare for the future. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1405	"Nankinga, Z., et al. (2011). """"An assessment of Makerere University College of Health Sciences: optimizing health research capacity to meet Uganda's priorities."""" Bmc International Health and Human Rights 11."""""	" Background: Health research is critical to the institutional mission of the Makerere College of Health Sciences (MakCHS). Optimizing the alignment of health research capacity at MakCHS with the health needs and priorities of Uganda, as outlined in the country's Health Sector Strategic Plan (HSSP), is a deliberate priority, a responsibility, and a significant opportunity for research. To guide this strategic direction, an assessment of MakCHS's research grants and publication portfolio was conducted. Methods: A survey of all new and ongoing grants, as well as all publications, between January 2005 and December 2009 was conducted. Research, training, and education grants awarded to MakCHS' constituent faculties and departments, were looked for through financial records at the college or by contact with funding organizations. Published manuscripts registered with PubMed, that included MakCHS faculty authors, were also analyzed. Results: A total of 58 active grants were identified, of which 18 had been initiated prior to 2005 and there were an average of about eight new grants per year. Most grants funded basic and applied research, with major focus areas being HIV/AIDS (44%), malaria (19%), maternal and child health (14%), tuberculosis (11%), mental health (3%), and others (8%). MakCHS faculty were identified as Principal Investigators (PIs) in only 22 (38%) active grants. Grant funding details were only available for one third of the active grants at MakCHS. A total of 837 publications were identified, with an average of 167 publications per year, most of which (66%) addressed the country's priority health areas, and 58% had MakCHS faculty or students as first authors. Conclusions: The research grants and publications at MakCHS are generally well-aligned with the Ugandan Health Ministry priorities. Greater efforts to establish centralized and efficient grants management procedures are needed. In addition, greater efforts are needed to expand capacity for MakCHS faculty leadership of grants, as well as to continue to expand the contribution of MakCHS faculty to lead research publications."""
NaN		1406	"Nantawanit, N., et al. (2012). """"Promoting Students' Conceptual Understanding of Plant Defense Responses Using the Fighting Plant Learning Unit (FPLU)."""" International Journal of Science and Mathematics Education 10(4): 827-864."""""	" Most students think animals are more interesting than plants as a study topic believing that plants are inferior to animals because they are passive and unable to respond to external challenges, particularly biological invaders such as microorganisms and insect herbivores. The purpose of this study was to develop an inquiry-based learning unit, the Fighting Plant Learning Unit (FPLU), which focuses on plant defense responses to biological stimuli. The study also investigated students' perceptions of the FPLU implemented in a constructivist classroom. A total of 31 Thai science majors from grade 12 participated in this study. Multiple data-gathering techniques (quantitative and qualitative) were employed: conceptual testing, concept mapping, the Constructivist Learning Environment Survey questionnaire and semi-structured interviews. It was found that from their active participation, the students developed a better conceptual understanding of plant defense mechanisms. In addition, they appeared to have positive attitudes toward the FPLU as evidenced by their preference for inquiry-based teaching in a constructivist learning environment. Finally, their perspectives on and appreciation of plants as active organisms had been favorably changed by the experience."""
NaN		1407	"Naslund, J. and J. I. Johnsson (2016). """"Environmental enrichment for fish in captive environments: effects of physical structures and substrates."""" Fish and Fisheries 17(1): 1-30."""""	" Structural environmental enrichment, that is, a deliberate addition of physical complexity to the rearing environment, is sometimes utilized to reduce the expression of the undesirable traits that fish develop in captivity. Increasing demands and regulations regarding usage of enrichment to promote fish welfare also make investigations on the effects of enrichment important. Here, we sythesize the current state-of-the-art knowledge about the effects of structural environmental enrichment for fish in captive environments. We find that enrichment can affect several aspects of the biology of captive fish, for example, aggression, stress, energy expenditure, injury and disease susceptibility. Importantly, these effects are often varying in direction and magnitude, and it is clear that just addition of structure is not a solution to all problems in fish rearing. Each species and life stage needs special consideration with respect to its natural history and preferences. A multitude of different enrichment types has been investigated and many studies investigate several enrichment components at the same time, making comparisons among studies difficult. To the present date, the majority of efforts have been directed to investigate salmonid fish in stock-fish hatcheries and cichlids from a basic research perspective. Some contexts are under-studied with respect to environmental enrichment, for instance effects on results in basic research and welfare effects in display aquaria. There are many research opportunities left within this field. However, future studies could utilize experimental designs which make it possible to discriminate between effects of different environmental manipulations to a higher degree than what has been performed to this date."""
NaN		1408	"Nasr, K. J. and B. H. Ramadan (2008). """"Impact Assessment of Problem-Based Learning in an Engineering Science Course."""" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 9(3): 9."""""	" This paper presents the development and implementation of Problem-Based Learning (PBL) in an engineering thermodynamics course at Kettering University. In this project, the thermodynamics course was restructured as modules presenting practical applications first, whereas principles were introduced just-in-time and as encountered. Theoretical information was presented to support the understanding of knowledge as students applied inquiry-based learning. These modules were carefully designed to reflect traditional concepts but made more exciting as students discover the need for the laws and principles. The classroom format was interactive, cooperative and revolves around students needs. Formative and summative assessment tools were designed to examine the effectiveness of created modules."""
NaN		1409	"Nastasie, D. L. (2012). """"Australian Information Education in the 21st Century--The Synergy among Research, Teaching and Practice."""" Education for Information 29(3): 16."""""	" In 2011 a group of Australian Library and Information Science academics led by Prof. Helen Partridge conducted an investigation into the Australian Library and Information Science education in the 21st century. The project was funded by the Australian Learning and Teaching Council (ALTC) and the final report, titled ""Re-conceptualising and re-positioning Australian library and information science education for the 21st century"""" was published in December 2011. The report presents a framework for educating information professionals in Australia and highlights a range of trials for the Australian Information Education in the 21st century. Among other challenges, the report reveals the need for more research opportunities, a lack of opportunities to apply the acquired knowledge in practice and the need for 'sustainable, attractive and relevant' programs, competitive on the international market. This paper discusses potential enhancements to the Australian Information Education in response to some of the challenges presented in the 2011 Partridge et al. report. The analysis is based on a model covering three main areas of activity in Information Education (IE)--research, teaching and practice (RTP). The paper provides an insight into the research capabilities of LIS in Australia, emphasising the importance of research informed teaching and practice."""""
NaN		1410	"Natifu, B. (2016). """"Multiple levels of """"knowing and being known"""", their affiliated capital, benefits and challenges."""" Journal of Organizational Ethnography 5(3): 219-234."""""	" Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to investigate the extent to which the position of a former insider with multiple levels of knowing and being known, afforded me benefits and challenges in a complex higher education institution in Uganda. A reflexive autoethnographic account of the author's research experience is employed as methodology. The study observes various benefits and challenges of this position. These include: firsthand knowledge of institutional culture and informants, leading to multiple levels of access  ability to conduct enriching interviews  and good rapport with informants. The challenges include: complexity of the institution  ethical challenges  power dilemmas  and anonymization of data. Access was noted to be a key benefit and it was experienced at five levels: personal relational networks  informant's knowledge of a family relation  links to institutional and national networks  the role of media "" and situational factors. In accordance with Bourdieu's (1986) concepts of forms of capital, the study established that four levels of knowing were linked to social, cultural, economic or media capital. The study reveals existence of a link between different levels of knowing and being known and their affiliated forms of capital. It shows that possession of any or a combination of these forms of capital leads to what the study defines as """"information access capital."""" The study suggests that the different levels of knowing and being known determine the breadth and depth of a researcher's information access capital. The study implies that power imbued relationships can limit access. Design/methodology/approach - The paper applies a reflexive autoethnographic methodology where the author uses their personal research experience to make sense of the benefits and challenges of gaining access as a former insider with multiple identity positions. The paper draws from the author's personal experience (auto) set in an institutional cultural context (ethno), to analyze the research process (graphy) of gaining access of top and middle management informants. First person (auto) accounts of the author's organizational cultural (ethno) and research process (graphy) experiences and how they link to the benefits and challenges of researching an organization as insider are used as data. Findings - The study observed various benefits and challenges of the insider position. These include: firsthand knowledge of institutional culture and informants, leading to multiple levels of access""  ability to conduct enriching interviews  and good rapport with informants. The challenges include: complexity of the institution  ethical challenges  power dilemmas  and anonymization of data. Access was noted to be a key benefit experienced at five levels: personal networks  informant's networks  institutional networks  the role of media "" and situational factors. The four levels were linked to social, cultural, economic or media capital. Research limitations/implications - The study is limited to the researcher's personal experience of the institution. The paper shows the role that social, work, political, media, institutional and national networks and their affiliated forms of capital play in affording insider researchers access. It shows that researchers deficient in these capitals have low-information access capital and face challenges of access. It also shows that although friendship may enable access, if infused with power dynamics, power hinders access. The study shows insider researchers in complex organizations have to continually navigate the insider-outsider continuum and challenges thereof. Practicing relational ethics during and after research is key when conducting organizational insider research. Practical implications - The paper shows the role that social, work, political, media, institutional and national networks and their affiliated forms of capital play in affording insider researchers access. It shows that researchers deficient in these forms of capital have low-information access capital and face challenges of access. It also shows that although friendship may enable access, if infused with power dynamics, power serves as hindrance to access. The study also shows insider researchers in complex organizations may have to continually navigate the insider-outsider continuum and challenges thereof. Practicing relational ethics during and after research is a key consideration of insider researchers. Social implications - The paper reveals the challenges of accessing top and middle management in complex, bureaucratic and guarded higher education organizations. It shows that although higher education institutions, by virtue of their research orientated missions, should ideally set the right example for easy access to information at all levels and ranks of the organization. However, the reality of access for an insider research may be far from the ideal due to factors of complexity and previously formed power imbued relationships. Originality/value - The paper contributes to understanding factors at play when gaining and maintaining research access to top and middle management in a higher education context. In accordance with (Bourdieu's, 1986) concepts of forms of capital, the paper contributes to understanding the relationship between multiple levels of knowing and their affiliated forms of capital and how these capital forms may facilitate information access. It shows that possession of any capital form increases a researcher's information access capital. The paper expands Weinreb's (2006) definition of stranger and insider interviews, by showing multiple ways of """"knowing or being known"""" before and during the study."""""
NaN		1411	"Nazha, B., et al. (2015). """"Students' Perceptions of Peer-Organized Extra-Curricular Research Course during Medical School: A Qualitative Study."""" Plos One 10(3)."""""	" Early integration of research education into medical curricula is crucial for evidence-based practice. Yet, many medical students are graduating with no research experience due to the lack of such integration in their medical school programs. The purpose of this study was to explore the impact of a peer-organized, extra-curricular research methodology course on the attitudes of medical students towards research and future academic careers. Twenty one medical students who participated in a peer-organized research course were enrolled in three focus group discussions to explore their experiences, perceptions and attitudes towards research after the course. Discussions were conducted using a semi-structured interview guide, and were transcribed and thematically analyzed for major and minor themes identification. Our findings indicate that students' perceptions of research changed after the course from being difficult initially to becoming possible. Participants felt that their research skills and critical thinking were enhanced and that they would develop research proposals and abstracts successfully. Students praised the peer-assisted teaching approach as being successful in enhancing the learning environment and filling the curricular gap. In conclusion, peer-organized extra-curricular research courses may be a useful option to promote research interest and skills of medical students when gaps in research education in medical curricula exist."""
NaN		1412	"Neale, L., et al. (2009). """"The Google Online Marketing Challenge and Research Opportunities."""" Journal of Marketing Education 31(1): 76-85."""""	" The Google Online Marketing Challenge is an ongoing collaboration between Google and academics, to give students experiential learning. The Challenge gives student teams US$200 in AdWords, Google's flagship advertising product, to develop online marketing campaigns for actual businesses. The end result is an engaging in-class exercise that provides students and professors with an exciting and pedagogically rigorous competition. Results from surveys at the end of the Challenge reveal positive appraisals from the three--students, businesses, and professors--main constituents  general agreement between students and instructors regarding learning outcomes  and a few points of difference between students and instructors. In addition to describing the Challenge and its outcomes, this article reviews the postparticipation questionnaires and subsequent datasets. The questionnaires and results are publicly available, and this article invites educators to mine the datasets, share their results, and offer suggestions for future iterations of the Challenge. (Contains 2 tables and 3 figures.)"""
NaN		1413	"Nel, D., et al. (2014). """"The attitudes of medical students to research."""" Samj South African Medical Journal 104(1): 32-36."""""	" Background. The workforce of 'physician-scientists' is ageing and decreasing in numbers. The responsibility to combat this trend rests on future generations of healthcare professionals and it is therefore valuable to evaluate medical Students' attitudes towards research. Objective. To establish the attitudes of University of Cape Town (UCT) medical students towards research and to investigate the factors influencing these attitudes. Methods. An anonymous, cross-sectional, self-administered questionnaire was administered to medical students from years 1 to 6 studying medicine at UCT in 2011. Questions were primarily closed-ended and consisted of Likert scales. Results. Out of a population of 1 195 medical students, 733 Were sampled (63%)  65% were female, 53% were preclinical students (years 1 - 3) and 47% were in their clinical years (year 4 - 6). Overall, 61% of students had a positive attitude towards research and 74% felt that participation in research was important to their medical school education  22% had been involved in voluntarily extracurricular research, 4% had presented at a scientific meeting and 3% had published in peer-reviewed journals. A number of perceived barriers to student research were identified including a lack of adequate training, time and research opportunities. Conclusion. Students believed that research was important and had a positive attitude towards it. However, few had been involved in voluntary research and produced work worthy of presentation and/or publication. Addressing identified barriers and improving students' attitudes may begin to reverse the trend in declining numbers of physician-scientists."""
NaN		1414	"Nesmith, S. M., et al. (2016). """"Exploring Educators' Environmental Education Attitudes and Efficacy: Insights Gleaned from a Texas Wetland Academy."""" International Journal of Science Education Part B-Communication and Public Engagement 6(3): 303-324."""""	" It has been determined that some 60% of wetlands worldwide have been destroyed in the last 100 years, and, for more than a decade, researchers have warned of a global freshwater imperative. In the context of these environmental deteriorations and ecological crises, teaching about environmental issues and ways to preserve the world's environment has become increasingly important at both national and international levels. Additionally, these issues highlight the necessity of developing wetland centers and determining a means for building understanding of wetlands, water conservation, and water reuse. This study investigated the impact of an onsite wetland environmental education (EE) experience on educators' attitudes and efficacy. Participants were 13 selected educators currently teaching elementary, middle school, and high school level students. Pre- and post-experience data were collected through an environmental teaching perceptions instrument [Ko, A., & Lee, J. C. (2003). Teachers' perceptions of teaching environmental issues within the science curriculum: A Hong Kong perspective. Journal of Science Education and Technology, 12(3), 187-204] and a 12-month post-experience focus group interview. Results suggested that the experience did not significantly impact the educators' attitudes but did impact their EE efficacy  specifically, the educators' indicated enhanced self-efficacy in teaching EE and heightened perceptions of their abilities to incorporate teaching practices that would positively change students' EE knowledge, attitudes, and skills. The significant, positive, sustained changes in participants' efficacy were attributed to the distinctive design of the workshop  an inquiry-based research experience situated within a specific context (a 1,840-acre constructed wetland system) and addressing water reclamation and reuse with a targeted group of educators who have a personal investment in these topics."""
NaN		1415	"Neuby, B. (2010). """"Inquiry Teaching in the College Classroom."""" Journal of Effective Teaching 10(1): 4-21."""""	" Discussions among professors often center on the topic of how to get students involved, how to enable them, and motivate them to learn more and to learn it better. The standard lecture format leaves most of us-teachers and students alike-wanting more. What can we do to accomplish these goals? A teaching method known as ""inquiry teaching"""" has been adapted to the college classroom where followers claim the method builds analytic skills, improves students' knowledge base, and promotes student engagement. Inquiry students are more likely to build hypotheses, integrate, and apply new knowledge more than students in traditional lecture-format classrooms. Although inquiry-based learning may be beneficial, in a study of 77 faculty members at two universities, students' grades in inquiry- based classes were not significantly higher than grades in standard lecture classes. Inquiry methods are not a panacea for college student learning."""""
NaN		1416	"Neumann, A., et al. (2008). """"Exploring the Investment: Four Universities' Experiences with the Spencer Foundation's Research Training Grant Program--A Retrospective."""" Teachers College Record 110(7): 1477-1503."""""	" Background: This article serves as a conclusion to a TCR special issue devoted to understanding the impact of the Spencer Foundation's Research Training Grant (RTG) initiative. We examine four case reports prepared by scholars at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, the University of Pennsylvania, the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA), and Michigan State University, as well as the introductory article prepared by Lauren Jones Young of the Spencer Foundation. Objective: To identify a set of principles that might guide the construction and ongoing operation of researcher preparation programs in graduate schools of education, both in the four institutions that generously scrutinized the successes and failures of their own efforts, and in other institutions concerned with preparing education researchers. Research Design: Analytic essay. Conclusions: First we recommend that academic leaders not count on researcher preparation programs to drive broader efforts to change their organizations. Second, we place more stock in initiatives that allow students to construct a ""personal core"""" of curricular knowledge that draws on institutional resources rather than a """"common core"""" of knowledge that will carry all students throughout their doctoral studies. Third, we caution that providing some students with differential financial, intellectual, and social resources poses risks for many faculty and students around questions of status and autonomy. And finally, because organizational (bureaucratic) boundaries may not be isomorphic with the boundaries that define meaningful communities of research practice, academic leaders should recognize the strengths and limitations of such boundaries."""""
NaN		1417	"Ng, S. L. (2013). """"Theory and research in audiology education: Understanding and representing complexity through informed methodological decisions."""" Journal of the American Academy of Audiology 24(5): 344-353."""""	" Background: The discipline of audiology has the opportunity to embark on research in education from an informed perspective, learning from professions that began this journey decades ago. The goal of this article is to position our discipline as a new member in the academic field of health professional education (HPE), with much to learn and contribute. Purpose: In this article, I discuss the need for theory in informing HPE research. I also stress the importance of balancing our research goals by selecting appropriate methodologies for relevant research questions, to ensure that we respect the complexity of social processes inherent In HPE. Data Collection and Analysis: Examples of relevant research questions are used to illustrate the need to consider alternative methodologies and to rethink the traditional hierarchy of evidence. I also provide an example of the thought processes and decisions that informed the design of an educational research study using a constructivist grounded theory methodology. Conclusions: As audiology enters the scholarly field of HPE, we need to arm ourselves with some of the knowledge and perspective that informs the field. Thus, we need to broaden our conceptions of what we consider to be appropriate styles of academic writing, relevant research questions, and valid evidence. Also, if we are to embark on qualitative inquiry into audiology education (or other audiology topics), we need to ensure that we conduct this research with an adequate understanding of the theories and methodologies informing such approaches. We must strive to conduct high quality, rigorous qualitative research more often than uninformed, generic qualitative research. These goals are imperative to the advancement of the theoretical landscape of audiology education and evolving the place of audiology in the field of HPE. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1418	"Nguyen, H. T. (2009). """"An Inquiry-Based Practicum Model: What Knowledge, Practices, and Relationships Typify Empowering Teaching and Learning Experiences for Student Teachers, Cooperating Teachers and College Supervisors?"""" Teaching and Teacher Education: An International Journal of Research and Studies 25(5): 655-662."""""	" The author examines an inquiry-based teaching/learning model involving diverse members of learning communities. A triad of cooperating teachers, student teachers, and a college supervisor engaged in ongoing and purposeful discourse to explore the teacher-learner (expert-novice) reciprocity, school culture and social relations. In their efforts to broaden and deepen their intellectual exchange, they interrogated their own and one another's beliefs, values, and perspectives about who owns knowledge and how knowledge is distributed/shared. This reflective and reflexive process helped to enhance their knowledge, practices, relationships, and practicum experience."""
NaN		1419	"Nichol, C. A., et al. (2014). """"Data First: Building Scientific Reasoning in AP Chemistry via the Concept Development Study Approach."""" Journal of Chemical Education 91(9): 1318-1325."""""	" This article introduces the ""Data First"""" approach and shows how the observation and analysis of scientific data can be used as a scaffold to build conceptual understanding in chemistry through inductive reasoning. The """"Data First"""" approach emulates the scientific process by changing the order by which we introduce data. Rather than using data to solve problems after the concept is taught, the """"Data First"""" approach allows students to analyze trends, evaluate discrepant events, and construct knowledge by developing a strong conceptual foundation. Not only is this approach aligned to the AP Chemistry Curriculum Framework, it also is based on research about how people learn. Included are examples showing how this approach can be used to teach a range of chemistry topics. These include using photoelectron spectroscopy data to understand electron configuration, using heats of vaporization to understand intermolecular forces, and using vapor pressure to understand dynamic equilibrium. The """"Data First"""" approach is a resource to support the shift to more conceptual and inquiry-based teaching and learning in AP chemistry."""""
NaN		1420	"Nicholls, R. (2011). """"Customer-to-customer interaction (CCI): A cross-cultural perspective."""" International Journal of Contemporary Hospitality Management 23(2): 209-223."""""	" Purpose: The paper aims to conceptually explore customer-to-customer interaction (CCI) in a cross-cultural context  and to identify research opportunities in the field of cross-cultural CCI. Design/methodology/approach: The paper analyses consultations both with CCI experts and cross-cultural management experts. Findings: Cross-cultural customer-to-customer interaction (CC-CCI) is shown to have received very little research attention. The relevance of CCI to hospitality management is highlighted and opportunities for future investigations are identified. CC-CCI is shown to be conceptually quite complex. Practical implications: For hospitality management practitioners and researchers, a variety of perspectives on how CC-CCI can influence the customer experience are provided. Service managers are provided with a new dimension to incorporate into their strategic and operational plans for managing CCI in an increasingly globalised environment. Social implications: The article contributes towards developing a scientific approach towards understanding a phenomenon which is a widespread feature of social life. It also provides a fresh focus for cross-cultural research. Originality/value: The paper addresses an important and original issue in hospitality management. Many illustrations of the new concept are provided and directions and methods for conducting research into CC-CCI are put forward. The article also contributes to the hospitality management literature by broadening the discussion of the customer as an operant resource. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1421	"Nicholson, D. T. (2011). """"Embedding Research in a Field-Based Module through Peer Review and Assessment for Learning."""" Journal of Geography in Higher Education 35(4): 529-549."""""	" A case study is presented of embedding research in a final year undergraduate, field-based, physical geography module. The approach is holistic, whereby research-based learning activities simulate the full life cycle of research from inception through to peer review and publication. The learning, teaching and assessment strategy emphasizes the progressive nature of knowledge and skills acquisition, facilitated through multiple opportunities for progressive, formative feedback. Students value the challenging yet rewarding nature of the module and engage with formative activities and peer review. The model presented demonstrates the value of peer review, fieldwork and research-based learning to facilitate progressive skills development and learner autonomy. (Contains 5 tables and 6 figures.)"""
NaN		1422	"Nickerson, C. (2015). """"Unity in Diversity: The View from the (UAE) Classroom."""" Language Teaching 48(2): 235-249."""""	" This talk is about finding ""unity in diversity"""". I ask how we can best focus our research efforts and then design our teaching for those of us involved with teaching language for specific business purposes in the Asia Pacific region and the Middle East. In parts 1 and 2 of the presentation I discuss how we need to (i) refer to empirical evidence as the basis for our teaching and training materials, (ii) become more aware of the challenges posed by globalisation, (iii) understand the role played for business people by English as a lingua franca, alongside other languages and (iv) develop closer ties with people working in business and industry. In part 3 I discuss, first, a teaching project involving undergraduate research that is a course for our senior business students on workplace communication and, second, the development of an evaluation instrument to chart our students' progress in terms not only of their language proficiency but also their communication knowledge and skills."""""
NaN		1423	"Nickerson, C. J. and M. A. Thurkettle (2013). """"Cognitive Maturity and Readiness for Evidence-Based Nursing Practice."""" Journal of Nursing Education 52(1): 17-23."""""	" Individual factors are known to influence engagement in research utilization and evidence-based practice ( EBP). Cognitive maturity is one factor that may enhance interest in and willingness to engage in clinical inquiry, research utilization, and EBP. Adult cognitive development theory explains why research training alone may not suffice to prepare nurses for EBP. Epistemic assumptions held by pre-reflective and quasireflective thinkers interfere with openness to uncertainty and ambiguity in practice and accurate understanding of the value of research for practice. Nurses may use good formal logic, but they also believe in authority, or revealed truth, as the criterion for knowledge and sometimes fail to perceive the need to evaluate evidence. Developmentally oriented educational efforts informed by the reflective judgment model have the potential to foster the cognitive development required in students of EBP. Further inquiry into the relationship between cognitive maturity and EBP will enhance these educational efforts."""
NaN		1424	"Nickols, S. Y., et al. (2009). """"The family and consumer sciences body of knowledge and the cultural kaleidoscope: Research opportunities and challenges."""" Family and Consumer Sciences Research Journal 37(3): 266-283."""""	" As a profession established during the Progressive Era when industrialization, immigration, urbanization, and other social forces were prevalent, family and consumer sciences is once again faced with similar social, economic, and technological societal conditions. This article addresses how family and consumer sciences, through its body of knowledge, is positioned to address the social changes of the 21st century. In particular, the article examines the family and consumer sciences body of knowledge in light of the growth in diversity or the cultural kaleidoscope by (a) providing a historical context for the body of knowledge for the profession, (b) presenting the current body of knowledge for family and consumer sciences and highlighting related research, and (c) discussing opportunities and challenges for applications in the body of knowledge for broadening the scope of research and practice to embrace the cultural kaleidoscope. The article not only contributes to the intellectual foundations of the field but also makes recommendations and identifies implications for research and practice. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1425	"Niemi, H. and A. Nevgi (2014). """"Research studies and active learning promoting professional competences in Finnish teacher education."""" Teaching and Teacher Education 43: 131-142."""""	" The purpose of this study is to investigate how student teachers benefit from authentic researcher experiences as part of their pre-service education. The data were collected by electronic questionnaires (n = 287) at two Finnish Universities. Teacher education programs guided student teachers to use and conduct research in the teaching profession. The results indicate that student teachers value research experiences. Research studies promoted professional competences and supported students' growth toward evidence-based practice and 21st century skills. Active learning experiences reinforced this positive effect. The implementation of research studies, quality of supervisors and integration with other studies were crucial. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1426	"Nienaber, A.-M., et al. (2015). """"Vulnerability and trust in leader-follower relationships."""" Personnel Review 44(4): 567-591."""""	" Purpose: Vulnerability is a concept that lies at the core of the most prevalent academic trust definitions. Accordingly, a vast amount of scholars refers to vulnerability when studying trust. Surprisingly, there is almost no conceptual nor empirical work explicitly directed at understanding vulnerability itself. The purpose of this paper is to summarize and critique the existing base of knowledge of vulnerability with a particular focus on the leader-follower relationship and to open avenues for future research. Design/methodology/approach: In the process of a very systematic literature search, the authors identified 49 studies that refer to vulnerability when studying trust at the interpersonal level. The authors coded the literature into conceptualizations, antecedents and consequences of vulnerability—with a particular focus on the leader-follower relationship. Findings: The authors introduce a theoretical framework which allows the authors to structure the rather fuzzy discussed concept of vulnerability. The development of such a theoretical framework allows the authors to distinguish between trusting beliefs and actual trusting behaviour so that it is possible to separate the constructs of willingness-to-be-vulnerable and actual vulnerability. Research limitations/implications: With the help of the developed framework, the authors point to the need for more work on vulnerability in order to take the study of trust to the next level. In this respect, the authors formulate several propositions that should be tested in future research. Practical implications: Practitioners are made aware of the need to risk willingness to be vulnerable as a base for trusting behaviour. There is no way around being willing to be vulnerable. Originality/value: This literature review provides a holistic understanding of the concept of vulnerability. The intention is to show the different understandings and interpretations of this term within the literature and identify which antecedents and consequences are related to the concept of vulnerability. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1427	"Nieto-Fernandez, F., et al. (2013). """"Assessment Study of an Undergraduate Research Training Abroad Program."""" Journal of Educational Technology Systems 41(1): 69-85."""""	" The Old Westbury Neuroscience International Research Program (OWNIP) encourages undergraduate students from health disparities populations and underrepresented minorities to pursue careers in basic science, biomedical, clinical, and behavioral health research fields. To evaluate this program, several measures were used tracked through an online learning management system (ModdleMentors and Angel), including: science related perceptions by students  student program assessments  laboratory performance of students evaluated by mentors  and (since 2011) student performance of weekly and biweekly online deliverables, a journal entry, and a research report. Herein we describe our more broad-based approach to program evaluations of this type, including the articulation of a full program model linking key program elements with priority outcomes, and the reporting of findings from the first and second cohort of students who participated in the summers of 2010 and 2011 and the tracking of students who have participated since the inception of the program in 1994. (Contains 3 tables and 4 figures.)"""
NaN		1428	"Nikkar-Esfahani, A., et al. (2012). """"Extracurricular participation in research and audit by medical students: Opportunities, obstacles, motivation and outcomes."""" Medical Teacher 34(5): E317-E324."""""	" Background: Medical students should learn to critically evaluate research to inform future evidence-based practice. Participation in research and audit at medical school can help develop these skills whilst prompting interest in academic pursuits. Aims: We investigate medical student attitudes and participation in extracurricular research and audit focusing on their opportunities, obstacles, motivation and outcomes. Method: A 60-item questionnaire was distributed to final-year medical students graduating from the University of Nottingham Medical School in the United Kingdom. Results: A total of 238 questionnaires were returned (response rate 75%). Of these, 86% felt research or audit experience was useful for medical students. The main driver for involvement was curriculum vitae (CV) improvement (51%). Male students and those involved in extracurricular research were more likely to agree that this experience should influence selection into training programmes (p=0.017, p=0.0036). Overall, 91 respondents (38%) had been involved in such activity with a mean number of projects undertaken of two (range one to four). Those interested in a surgical career were most likely to have undertaken projects (58%). Frequently cited obstacles to involvement were time constraints (74%) and a perceived lack of interest from potential supervisors (63%). Conclusions: Despite significant CV motivation, many are enthusiastic regarding extracurricular research opportunities but frustrated by obstacles faced. Our study suggests there is scope for providing further opportunities to participate in such activities at medical school."""
NaN		1429	"Nilssen, V. and R. Solheim (2015). """"'I see what I see from the theory I have read.' Student teachers learning through theory in practice."""" Journal of Education for Teaching 41(4): 404-416."""""	" This article presents and discusses experiences from a research and development project where Norwegian student teachers were encouraged to bridge theory and practice by following a pupil's learning processes over time, and to write papers based on empirical data and relevant subject theory. The evaluations of the project received high ratings from the student teachers, and an inductive analysis of the answers to open-ended questions revealed three key aspects behind its success: commuting between field practice and coursework, the authenticity of the tasks and future relevance for the teacher profession. These aspects are interpreted building upon Dewey's concept educative experience. The findings are discussed in the light of the importance of understanding pupils' knowledge, and the role of writing in inquiry-based learning processes. The project is also placed within an international discussion on the relationship between field practice and theoretical coursework as arenas for learning in teacher education."""
NaN		1430	"Nind, M., et al. (2016). """"The conundrum of training and capacity building for people with learning disabilities doing research."""" Journal of Applied Research in Intellectual Disabilities 29(6): 542-551."""""	" Background: This study explores the training involved when people with learning disabilities take their place in the community as researchers. This was a theme in a recent UK seminar series where a network of researchers explored pushing the boundaries of participatory research. Method: Academics, researchers with learning disabilities, supporters and other inclusive researchers considered important themes arising from presentations about developments in participatory research. The paper emerges from critical reflection on these rich discussions. Results: A seminar series is a form of research training and capacity building, albeit a dynamic, interactive and collegial one. More formal training in research skills for people with learning disabilities is being developed but raises questions regarding the best contribution people with learning disabilities can make to the research process. Conclusion: There are various models of training for inclusive research, but these need to be reciprocal if they are not to undermine the inclusive goal. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1431	"Nirmal, N. P., et al. (2015). """"Brazilin from Caesalpinia sappan heartwood and its pharmacological activities: A review."""" Asian Pacific Journal of Tropical Medicine 8(6): 421-430."""""	" Caesalpinia sappan L. (CS) is a plant of Leguminosae family, commonly known as Brazil or Sappan wood. CS is distributed in Southeast Asia and its dried heartwood has been used as traditional ingredient of food or beverages and has a wide variety of medicinal properties. Higher extraction yield of CS wood was achieved with 95% ethanol for 2 h. Chemical constituent's investigation of sappan wood resulted in the isolation of various structural types of phenolic components including one xanthone, one coumarin, three chalcones, two flavones three homoisoflavonoids and brazilin. Brazilin [(6a S-cis)-7, 11b-dihydrobenz[b]indeno[1,2-d] pyran-3,6a,9,10(6H)- tetrol], a major and active compound found in CS heartwood. Most of the folkloric uses of brazilin were validated by the scientific studies such as antioxidant, antibacterial, anti-inflammatory. anti-photoaging, hypoglycemic, vasorelaxant, hepatoprotective and anti-acne activity. CS heartwood extract is safe and did not produce any acute or subacute toxicity in both male and female rats. Brazilin is the safe natural compound having potential to develop as a medicinal compound with application in food, beverage, cosmetics and pharmaceutical industries to screen its clinical use in modem medicine. The information gained could provide the important and potential approach for pharmaceutical researcher to implicate the knowledge of brazilin in the formulation of new drug and to reveal therapeutic and gaps requiring future research opportunities. More studies are needed to evaluate the potential application of brazilin as preservative and coloring agent in food processing industries."""
NaN		1432	"Niu, X. and D. Kelly (2014). """"The use of query suggestions during information search."""" Information Processing & Management 50(1): 218-234."""""	" Query suggestion is a common feature of many information search systems. While much research has been conducted about how to generate suggestions, fewer studies have been conducted about how people interact with and use suggestions. The purpose of this paper is to investigate how and when people integrate query suggestions into their searches and the outcome of this usage. The paper further investigates the relationships between search expertise, topic difficulty, and temporal segment of the search and query suggestion usage. A secondary analysis of data was conducted using data collected in a previous controlled laboratory study. In this previous study, 23 undergraduate research participants used an experimental search system with query suggestions to conduct four topic searches. Results showed that participants integrated the suggestions into their searching fairly quickly and that participants with less search expertise used more suggestions and saved more documents. Participants also used more suggestions towards the end of their searches and when searching for more difficult topics. These results show that query suggestion can provide support in situations where people have less search expertise, greater difficulty searching and at specific times during the search. Published by Elsevier Ltd."""
NaN		1433	"Njie-Carr, V., et al. (2012). """"Research capacity–building program for clinicians and staff at a community-based HIV clinic in Uganda: A pre/post evaluation."""" JANAC: Journal of the Association of Nurses in AIDS Care 23(5): 431-441."""""	" Developing capacity for HIV research and clinical practice is critically needed in resource-limited countries. The purpose of this study was to evaluate a research capacity–building program for community-based participants in the preparation and conduct of mobile phone–based technology interventions. A descriptive, cross-sectional design was used. Participants completed self-report surveys at three time points. Thirty-three participated in the situational analysis, and all (100%) felt that the research training was needed. For the interim evaluation, more than 96.8% (n = 30) reported increased knowledge and confidence and attributed this to the training. Fourteen participants completed the final evaluation. Dedicated time away from work was an important factor to facilitate recruitment and data collection, followed by financial incentives to commute to data collection sites. Expertise through supervision and mentorship for participants and sustained funding for research projects are critical to the innovation needed to improve HIV prevention and care outcomes. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1434	"Nocera, R., et al. (2016). """"Building a resident research program in emergency medicine."""" Internal and Emergency Medicine 11(2): 245-248."""""	" Residency training programs requirements state, ""Residents should participate in scholarly activity.'' However, there is little consensus regarding how best to achieve these requirements. The objective of this study is to implement a resident research program that emphasizes resident participation in quantitative or qualitative empirical work. A three-step program """"Think, Do, Write'' roughly follows the 3 years of the residency. During the first phase, the resident chooses a topic, formulates a hypothesis, and completes standard research certifications. Phase 2 involves obtaining Institutional Review Board approval, and conducting the study. The final phase entails analyzing and interpreting the data, and writing an abstract to present during an annual research day. Residents are encouraged to submit their projects for presentation at scientific conferences and for publication. Multiple departmental resources are available, including a Resident Research Fund, and full support of the faculty. Prior to the new program, most scholarly activity consisted of case reports, book chapters, review articles, or other miscellaneous projects""  only 27 % represented empirical studies. Starting in 2012, the new program was fully implemented, resulting in notable growth in original empirical works among residents. Currently there is almost 100 % participation in studies, and numerous residents have presented at national conferences, and have peer-reviewed publications. With a comprehensive and supported program in place, emergency medicine residents proved capable of conducting high-quality empirical research within their relatively limited time. Overall, residents developed valuable skills in research design and statistical analysis, and greatly increased their productivity as academic and clinical researchers."""
NaN		1435	"Nolan, J., et al. (2014). """"Barriers to cervical cancer screening and follow‐up care among Black women in Massachusetts."""" Journal of Obstetric, Gynecologic, & Neonatal Nursing: Clinical Scholarship for the Care of Women, Childbearing Families, & Newborns 43(5): 580-588."""""	" Objective: To explore factors that might lead to delays in appropriate cervical cancer screening and diagnosis among Black women in Massachusetts. Design: Qualitative using focus groups. Setting: Hospitals, health centers, and community‐based organizations in Boston, Massachusetts. Participants: Sixty‐four participants including Black, non‐Hispanic women from the general population and cervical cancer survivors, community leaders in women's health, and health care providers. Methods: Six focus groups. Data were analyzed using methods based on grounded theory. Results: Findings from interviews revealed that inadequate information and education of providers and patients create barriers to appropriate screening and treatment practices for Black women. Fear, cultural beliefs, and compounding factors related to poverty, gender roles, and health system barriers create delays to screening and follow‐up care. Also, unconscious bias, therapeutic delays, and miscommunication are important factors affecting continuity of care. Conclusion: These results suggest a need for comprehensive, culturally specific cervical cancer prevention education initiatives and interventions for Black women and strategies to improve patient–provider relationships. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1436	"Noor, A. K. (2011). """"Intelligent Adaptive Cyber-Physical Ecosystem for Aerospace Engineering Education, Training, and Accelerated Workforce Development."""" Journal of Aerospace Engineering 24(4): 403-408."""""	" Transformative changes are on the horizon in aerospace engineering education and learning in general. These changes are attributable, in part, to the developments of a number of aerospace, learning and other leading-edge technologies and their synergistic combinations and convergence. The related technologies include ubiquitous, cloud, and petascale/exascale computing  ultrahigh-bandwidth networks  pervasive wireless communication  intelligent autonomous robotics  artificial general intelligence  powerful game engines and facilities  networked immersive virtual environments and virtual worlds  augmented and enhanced reality  and novel human-technology interfaces. This paper describes some of the frontiers of, and challenges in, future aerospace systems and the drivers for transformative changes in aerospace engineering education. The need to have a holistic perspective and a comprehensive approach for aerospace education, research, training, and accelerated workforce development is outlined. A starting point to accomplish this task is the development of an intelligent adaptive cyber-physical ecosystem for the aerospace workforce. The continuously expanding major components of the ecosystem include integrated knowledge discovery and exploitation facilities  novel agent-supported visual simulations (with cognitive learning and understanding abilities)  immersive three-dimensional (3D) virtual world facilities  intelligent, multimodal and humanlike interfaces  and smart mobile wireless devices. The ecosystem will provide timely, engaging, personalized/collaborative, and tailored visual learning. It will stimulate creativity and innovation and prepare the learners to work in future global virtual collaborative enterprises and become leaders in a world of growing complexity. DOI: 10.1061/(ASCE)AS.1943-5525.0000128. (C) 2011 American Society of Civil Engineers."""
NaN		1437	"Noormahomed, E. V., et al. (2016). """"Onchocerciasis, an undiagnosed disease in Mozambique: identifying research opportunities."""" Parasites & Vectors 9."""""	" Background: The objective of this paper is to summarise and critically review the available data about onchocerciasis in Mozambique, in order to report epidemiological and clinical aspects related to the disease and identify gaps in knowledge. The paper is intended to raise awareness of the existence and importance of this disease and to define research priorities. Methods: We examined the scarce epidemiological data at our disposal: two diagnostic studies in 1997 and 1998 (first reports on the existence of onchocerciasis in Mozambique), and two Rapid Epidemiological Mapping of Onchocerciasis (REMO) surveys in 2001 and 2007. We examined differences in study designs and methodologies as well as the differing geographical locations to explain the divergence in findings among the studies. Results: Evidence indicates that onchocerciasis is hypoendemic in Mozambique (with national and imported cases), but still largely remains an undiagnosed illness. There is no awareness of the clinical aspects of the disease and nor of the differential diagnosis with lepromatous leprosy and dermatitis caused by Scabies spp. The use of skin biopsy and a symptom screening questionnaire, combined with nodule rate, in the first two studies may have captured even atypical or subacute presentations. Both REMO surveys relied solely on nodule detection and in the six years between the two studies, the prevalence of nodules detected more than doubled. Conclusions: The epidemiology and clinical aspects of the disease are unknown in Mozambique. Since the last REMO took place in 2007 and since the population is subject to large-scale movement and displacement, it is important to develop tools to identify and analyse populations that are at high risk for onchocerciasis. Cases of onchocerciasis may be misdiagnosed as leprosy or scabies that fail to improve despite being subjected to treatment against leprosy. Techniques to enable a differential diagnosis need to be established by training health professionals on the recognition of this undiagnosed disease. It is equally necessary to identify the blackfly vectors and where they breed."""
NaN		1438	"Norasmah, O. and S. Y. Chia (2016). """"The Challenges of Action Research Implementation in Malaysian Schools."""" Pertanika Journal of Social Science and Humanities 24(1): 43-51."""""	" Teachers can improve their practices through the application of action research. However, many challenges prevail over its implementation (action research). This paper discusses major challenges to implementing action research in Malaysian schools and offers concrete suggestions for overcoming them. The main challenges which will be discussed in this article are teachers' heavy workloads, time constraints, and a lack of in-depth understanding and skills related to this methodology. Possible solutions include coaching strategies to enhance teachers' action research knowledge and skills. Action research should be a mandatory component of teachers' official duties and a component of their annual performance evaluations to motivate them to work towards implementing action research. Action research conferences could be periodically held to provide teachers with opportunities to share their action research experiences and recognise research output."""
NaN		1439	"Norland, R., et al. (2016). """"Opportunities for Regenerative Rehabilitation and Advanced Technologies in Physical Therapy: Perspective From Academia."""" Physical Therapy 96(4): 550-557."""""	" As rehabilitation specialists, physical therapists must continue to stay current with advances in technologies to provide appropriate rehabilitation protocols, improve patient outcomes, and be the preferred clinician of choice. To accomplish this vision, the physical therapy profession must begin to develop a culture of lifelong learning at the early stages of education and clinical training in order to embrace cutting-edge advancements such as stem cell therapies, tissue engineering, and robotics, to name a few. The purposes of this article are: (1) to provide a current perspective on faculty and graduate student awareness of regenerative rehabilitation concepts and (2) to advocate for increased integration of these emerging technologies within the doctor of physical therapy (DPT) curriculum. An online survey was designed to gauge awareness of principles in regenerative rehabilitation and to determine whether the topic was included and assessed in doctoral curricula. The survey yielded 1,006 responses from 82 DPT programs nationwide and indicated a disconnect in familiarity with the term ""regenerative rehabilitation"""" and awareness of the inclusion of this material in the curriculum. To resolve this disconnect, the framework of the curriculum can be used to integrate new material via guest lecturers, interdisciplinary partnerships, and research opportunities. Successfully mentoring a generation of clinicians and rehabilitation scientists who incorporate new medical knowledge and technology into their own clinical and research practice depends greatly on sharing the responsibility among graduate students, professors, the American Physical Therapy Association (APTA), and DPT programs. Creating an interdisciplinary culture and integrating regenerative medicine and rehabilitation concepts into the curriculum cultivate individuals who will be advocates for interprofessional behaviors and will ensure that the profession meets the goals stated in APTA Vision 2020."""""
NaN		1440	Norris, C. A. and E. Soloway (2013). A conclusive thought: the opportunity to change education is, literally, at hand. Using Network and Mobile Technology to Bridge Formal and Informal Learning. G. Trentin and M. Repetto: 209-220.	" We have known for more years than we might care to admit what a classroom should look like in order for substantive learning to take place. But instead of a learn-by-doing (also known as project-based learning, inquiry-based learning, active learning, etc.) didactic pedagogy/direct instruction still rules the land. Whether it is a teacher at the front of the room expounding or a Khan Academy video expounding or an electronic whiteboard instead of a blackboard at the place of the expounding or if the students can immediately respond to expounding with a clicker - that is still direct instruction pedagogy and we all know that direct instruction pedagogy, while useful in places, ought not to be the overwhelmingly dominant pedagogy. So, why has this pedagogy not been replaced by the better pedagogy? The truth is this: enacting a learn-by-doing pedagogy (or project-based learning, inquiry-based learning, active learning, etc.) is really difficult to do  it requires considerable time on the teacher's part as well as deep content knowledge in order to tailor the learning experiences to the particular strengths and weaknesses of the student."""
NaN		1441	"North, D., et al. (2014). """"Building Capacity for Developing Statistical Literacy in a Developing Country: Lessons Learned from an Intervention."""" Statistics Education Research Journal 13(2): 15-27."""""	" This paper aims to contribute to the emerging literature on capacity-building in statistics education by examining issues pertaining to the readiness of teachers in a developing country to teach basic statistical topics. The paper reflects on challenges and barriers to building statistics capacity at grass-roots level in a developing country, based in part on lessons learnt from the design of an in-service intervention for teachers in South Africa, and on illustrative data about teachers' attitudes, collected as part of this intervention. The paper reflects on implications for future design of interventions, as well as on research needs that can inform future capacity-building in statistics education in developing countries."""
NaN		1442	"Norton, G., et al. (2012). """"Designing, Developing and Implementing a Software Tool for Scenario Based Learning."""" Australasian Journal of Educational Technology 28(7): 1083-1102."""""	" The pedagogical value of problem-based and inquiry-based learning activities has led to increased use of this approach in many courses. While scenarios or case studies were initially presented to learners as text-based material, the development of modern software technology provides the opportunity to deliver scenarios as e-learning modules, providing learners with a more accessible and engaging learning experience. Scenario Based Learning--interactive (SBLi) has been specifically developed to provide teachers and trainers with a generic tool that enables them to easily build interactive, multimedia scenarios without requiring programming skills. The software consists of a builder and player application, for constructing and playing scenarios from hard drives or from a CD/DVD, and a server-based player and manager, for deploying scenarios on the web, either for public use or for restricted and managed use in specific courses. This paper describes the history of SBLi, its design and operational features, how SBLi is being used to achieve innovative and effective learning experiences, and the practical issues that need to be addressed in supporting and sustaining e-learning software such as SBLi. (Contains 1 table and 7 figures.)"""
NaN		1443	"Nuttall, P. and J. Tinson (2012). """"Inter‐cultural adolescent ritual practice."""" Journal of Consumer Behaviour 11(6): 495-503."""""	" Scholars disagree as to whether or not a homogeneous global youth culture exists. This study explores the nuances and glocalisation of authentic adolescent ritual practice/s in Scotland and the USA. The high school prom is a ritual imported recently to the UK from the USA. This study reports on questionnaire responses and focus group data with adolescents in Scotland and US exchange students at UK universities. The study probes the assumptions and realities that constitute authentic appropriation of this event. Scottish adolescents’ perceptions of US high school prom practice emphasises the presence of indexical cues whereas Scottish practice relies on the iconic. Indexical and iconic cues are interdependent for US respondents. Future research opportunities as well as marketing implications are provided. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1444	"O’Byrne, L. and S. Smith (2011). """"Models to enhance research capacity and capability in clinical nurses: A narrative review."""" Journal of Clinical Nursing 20(9-10): 1365-1371."""""	" Aim: To identify models used as local initiatives to build capability and capacity in clinical nurses. Background: The National Health Service, Nursing and Midwifery Council and the United Kingdom Clinical Research Collaboration all support the development of the building of research capability and capacity in clinical nurses in the UK. Design: Narrative review. Methods: A literature search of databases (including Medline and Pubmed) using the search terms nursing research, research capacity and research capability combined with building, development, model and collaboration. Publications which included a description or methodological study of a structured initiative to tackle research capacity and capability development in clinical nurses were selected. Results: Three models were found to be dominant in the literature. These comprised evidence-based practice, facilitative and experiential learning models. Strong leadership, organisational need and support management were elements found in all three models. Methodological issues were evident and pertain to small sample sizes, inconsistent and poorly defined outcomes along with a lack of data. Conclusions: Whilst the vision of a research ready and active National Health Service is to be applauded to date, there appears to be limited research on the best approach to support local initiatives for nurses that build research capability and capacity. Future studies will need to focus on well-defined objectives and outcomes to enable robust evidence to support local initiatives. Relevance to clinical practice: To build research capability and capacity in clinical nurses, there is a need to evaluate models and determine the best approach that will provide clinical nurses with research opportunities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1445	"O’Shaughnessy, T. and T. R. Burnes (2016). """"The career adjustment experiences of women early career psychologists."""" The Counseling Psychologist 44(6): 786-814."""""	" Each year, approximately 71% of new early career psychologists are women, yet no empirical research has examined the unique career adjustment needs and experiences of women early career psychologists. This study presents the constructivist grounded theory analysis of 22 in-depth interviews with women early career psychologists regarding their experiences of developing a career in psychology. Three primary spheres of influence on career adjustment emerged from the data: identity-based influences, experiential-focused influences, and outcome-oriented influences. These major spheres of influence are further refined into themes and subthemes that play a role in the career experiences of women early career psychologists. The impact of these themes on the women’s career trajectory is explored, and implications for research, training, policy, and practice are presented. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1446	"Oakes, C. E. and N. W. Sheehan (2014). """"Students' perceptions of a community-based service-learning project related to aging in place."""" Gerontology & Geriatrics Education 35(3): 285-296."""""	" This article describes a service-learning project that was designed to help undergraduate health professions students understand the complexities related to aging in place. The service-learning project also incorporated a research component to expose the students to the research process. Students’ reflections regarding the benefits that they derived from the experience suggest that they value learning about older adults through one-on-one interactions more than they value the opportunity to participate in the research project. Implications for undergraduate health professional education are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1447	"Obasi, E. M., et al. (2009). """"Construction and initial validation of the Worldview Analysis Scale (WAS)."""" Journal of Black Studies 39(6): 937-961."""""	" This study describes the development of the Worldview Analysis Scale (WAS), an instrument designed to assess the way in which people perceive, think, feel, and experience the world. Four studies were conducted to describe the scale development of the WAS and to assess its psychometric properties. Eight hundred sixteen African, African American, European, European American, and multiethnic participants served as the validation sample. Exploratory and confirmatory factor analyses provided evidence for seven subscales: materialistic universe, spiritual immortality, communalism, indigenous values, tangible realism, knowledge of self, and spiritualism. MANOVA analyses found evidence for cultural differences in worldview at the ethnic level of analysis. Results indicated favorable reliability, validity, and factor structure indices for the WAS. Applications of the WAS in culturally competent research, training, and psychotherapy are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1448	"O'Brien, P., et al. (2014). """"Co-researching with People who Have Intellectual Disabilities: Insights From a National Survey."""" Journal of Applied Research in Intellectual Disabilities 27(1): 65-75."""""	" BackgroundInclusive research with people with intellectual disabilities is growing internationally but with few studies examining its feasibility. MethodsIn undertaking a national study exploring what life was like in Ireland for people with intellectual disabilities, a community of practice was developed involving a core group of co-researchers: five people with intellectual disabilities, four university researchers and three service support staff. An additional cadre of 15 co-researchers with intellectual disabilities was recruited to undertake data gathering and analysis with 23 focus groups involving 168 participants. The research experience was documented through oral feedback, progress reports, minutes and a project review. Results and conclusionsThe key learning is documented arising from the setting up of an inclusive advisory group and implementation of each of six research steps. The study demonstrates feasibility and the added value of university co-researchers recruiting and developing skills together with co-researchers with intellectual disabilities. Topics for further research and development are identified."""
NaN		1449	"O'Connor, J., et al. (2016). """"Authentic Inquiry-Based Learning in Health and Physical Education: A Case Study of """"R/Evolutionary"""" Practice."""" Physical Education and Sport Pedagogy 21(2): 201-216."""""	" Background: Greater understandings about how progressive pedagogies are interpreted and practiced within schools will be required if international calls to enhance relevance and meaning in Health and Physical Education (HPE) are to be realised. Little is understood about how inquiry-based units of work connected to real-life issues are enacted, engaged with, and generate deeper knowledge within a HPE context. Purpose: This study explores learner outcomes and perceptions of engagement with an inquiry-based unit of work, ""Take Action,"""" that aimed to provide young people with an opportunity to critically reflect on movement, investigate an issue important to them, and enhance their capacity to enact positive change for themselves and others. Participants and setting: Forty-four students and three teachers from two secondary school settings participated in the research. Both schools were located in relatively low socio-economic status areas in southern metropolitan Melbourne, Victoria, Australia. Data collection and analysis: An exploratory and evaluative study design that employed naturalistic inquiry, using qualitative semi-structured interview data, observational data, and analysis of learner-produced artefacts were used. Analysis drew upon authentic learning frames to explore elements of knowledge construction through disciplined inquiry and real-life application. Findings: """"Take Action"""" provided a unique experience of HPE for the students and teachers who engaged with it. It was a collaborative, learner-centred inquiry-based experience that most learners found to be engaging and authentic. Both teachers and learners lacked the foundational knowledge of the discipline and a sound understanding of a critical-inquiry process that would have allowed them to deconstruct and reconstruct new ideas in deep interconnected ways. Conclusions: More support for teachers and students is needed to legitimate these types of approaches within broader curriculum contexts to support student learning. Specifically, foundational understandings of: socially critical approaches to critical inquiry that serve to enhance knowledge relating to learner-identified topics""  learning intentions and authentic assessment and how these might align with inquiry-based learning  forming connections with external experts to support learners early in an inquiry process  and how to extend explorations and elaborations within the constraints of a congested and contested curriculum."""
NaN		1450	"Odom, S., et al. (2009). """"Group Peer Review as an Active Learning Strategy in a Research Course."""" International Journal of Teaching and Learning in Higher Education 21(1): 108-117."""""	" The faculty of an undergraduate research course with a diverse student body recognized that many students struggled with the concept of how to critique a research article. The traditional assignment method used to teach the critique process did not maximize student learning outcomes. The active learning strategy of peer review was used to enhance student understanding and engagement in the critique process. This active learning strategy involved small groups of students who worked together as a team to evaluate the work of other student groups using a critique-rubric. This article describes the development and incorporation of a peer review activity into an undergraduate research course."""
NaN		1451	"O'Donnell, M. (2013). """"Editor's notes."""" American Journal of Health Promotion 28(1): iv-vi."""""	" The current editorial provides an overview of the articles which were featured in the present issue of American Journal of Health Promotion. The editorial focuses on workplace health promotion programs to improve health or save employers money. The various sound studies have shown that well-designed workplace health promotion programs are effective in improving health by helping people quit smoking, improve eating habits, increase physical activity, reduce excess alcohol use, and better manage blood pressure and cholesterol. Research experience has shown that programs are effective when they provide education but also use strategies to motivate people to get involved, engage them in programs to build skills, and most importantly, provide an abundance of opportunities to practice healthy lifestyle because of the social, cultural, policy, and physical environments they are exposed to. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1452	"Oehme, M. and S. Bort (2015). """"SME internationalization modes in the German biotechnology industry: The influence of imitation, network position, and international experience."""" Journal of International Business Studies 46(6): 629-655."""""	" In this article we reveal how network-enabled imitation processes impact young small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) internationalization, and how a firm's network position as well as its experiential knowledge moderate imitative behavior in internationalization modes. Building on institutional, network, and organizational-learning theory, we suggest that firms imitate the internationalization modes of their peers in their network. Moreover, we argue that a firm's imitation propensity depends on two important boundary conditions: network position and past experience. Applying a longitudinal event history analysis to analyze the complete population of 977 German biotechnology firms between 1996 and 2012 largely supports our hypotheses. Our findings reveal that firms imitate the internationalization modes of their peers in a precise manner. This implies that the imitation of others can initially serve as a presumably convenient low-risk shortcut to a planned or experience-driven internationalization process. Furthermore, our results confirm that this imitation process is channeled through formal network relations and that central network positions that are associated with superior information access, enhanced legitimacy, and status may promote deviating behavior. Acknowledging the interplay of different learning sources, our findings additionally show that initial internationalization mode choices of SMEs can have a lasting effect on subsequent internationalization behavior. Overall, our study contributes to a more nuanced view of imitative behavior of internationalizing SMEs and its boundary conditions, and highlights future research opportunities that exist for considering imitation and its implications in international business research."""
NaN		1453	"Ohn, D. J. (2013). """"Constructing the Past: Assessment of Elementary Preservice Teachers' Perception about History."""" Social Studies 104(1): 15-22."""""	" The purpose of the study was to examine if and how elementary preservice teachers' perceptions about history were changed upon their completion of a class project that engaged them in a discipline-specific inquiry as a method of teaching history. Surveys were administered to assess any changes in their perception of the history before and after they participated in the class project. The preservice teachers' reflective writings were used to explore any themes that emerged about historical inquiry as well as to understand their development of pedagogical knowledge about teaching history. The study results provide implications for inquiry-based teaching in social studies education. (Contains 3 tables.)"""
NaN		1454	"Ojeda, L., et al. (2011). """"Culturally Competent Qualitative Research with Latino Immigrants."""" Hispanic Journal of Behavioral Sciences 33(2): 184-203."""""	" This article provides recommendations for conducting culturally competent qualitative research with Latino immigrants, a historically exploited group that represents more than half of all U.S. immigrants and is continuously growing. Limited research exists on Latino immigrants despite their large presence in the United States. The authors draw upon their qualitative research experiences to help researchers develop culturally competent awareness, knowledge, and skills in studying Latino immigrants. Recommendations are grounded by integrating Latino cultural values in the research process. Issues related to developing a research team, recruiting participants, using incentives, informed consent procedures, and language issues are addressed. Suggestions for developing interview protocols and conducting culturally competent in-person interviews are provided. (Contains 1 note.)"""
NaN		1455	"Okada, A., et al. (2015). """"Key skills for co-learning and co-inquiry in two open platforms: a massive portal (EDUCARED) and a personal environment (weSPOT)."""" Open Praxis 7(1): 83-102."""""	" This paper presents a qualitative investigation on key skills for co-learning and co-inquiry in the digital age. The method applied was cyber-ethnography with asynchronous observation (forum and wiki) and synchronous discussions (webconference) for analysing skills developed by a co-learning community. This study focuses on participants from different countries who interacted during nine months in two open platforms: the massive educational portal EDUCARED of the "" 7th International Conference on Education 2012-2013"""" and weSPOT, an European """" Working Environment with Social Personal and Open Technologies for inquiry based learning"""". As a result of this study, it was observed that the EDUCARED portal led to the development of more explicit digital literacies, possibly because it was a simpler and familiar interface (forum). And in the weSPOT environment, experienced participants with digital technologies had more opportunities to develop other skills related to Critical-Creative Thinking and Scientific Reasoning."""""
NaN		1456	"Olaitan, P. B., et al. (2014). """"Recruitment of Yoruba families from Nigeria for genetic research: Experience from a multisite keloid study."""" BMC Medical Ethics 15."""""	" Background: More involvement of sub-Saharan African countries in biomedical studies, specifically in genetic research, is needed to advance individualized medicine that will benefit non-European populations. Missing infrastructure, cultural and religious beliefs as well as lack of understanding of research benefits can pose a challenge to recruitment. Here we describe recruitment efforts for a large genetic study requiring three-generation pedigrees within the Yoruba homelands of Nigeria. The aim of the study was to identify genes responsible for keloids, a wound healing disorder. We also discuss ethical and logistical considerations that we encountered in preparation for this research endeavor. Methods: Protocols for this bi-national intercultural study were approved by the Institutional Review Board (IRB) in the US and the ethics committees of the Nigerian institutions for consideration of cultural differences. Principles of community based participatory research were employed throughout the recruitment process. Keloid patients (patient advisors), community leaders, kings/chiefs and medical directors were engaged to assist the research teams with recruitment strategies. Community meetings, church forums, and media outlets (study flyers, radio and TV announcements) were utilized to promote the study in Nigeria. Recruitment of research participants was conducted by trained staff from the local communities. Pedigree structures were re-analyzed on a regular basis as new family members were recruited and recruitment challenges were documented. Results: Total recruitment surpassed 4200 study participants over a 7-year period including 79 families with complete three-generation pedigrees. In 9 families more than 20 family members participated, however, in 5 of these families, we encountered issues with pedigree structure as members from different branches presented inconsistent family histories. These issues were due to the traditional open family structure amongst the Yoruba and by beliefs in voodoo or in juju. In addition, family members living in other parts of the country or abroad complicated timely and complete family recruitment. Conclusions: Organizational, logistics and ethics challenges can be overcome by additional administrative efforts, good communication, community involvement and education of staff members. However, recruitment challenges due to infrastructural shortcomings or cultural and religious beliefs can lead to significant delays, which may negatively affect study time lines and expectations of funding agencies. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1457	"Olakanmi, O. E. and M. Doyoyo (2014). """"Using Structured Examples and Prompting Reflective Questions to Correct Misconceptions about Thermodynamic Concepts."""" European Journal of Engineering Education 39(2): 157-187."""""	" This paper explores the effectiveness of using ""structured examples in concert with prompting reflective questions"""" to address misconceptions held by mechanical engineering students about thermodynamic principles by employing pre-test and post-test design, a structured questionnaire, lecture room observation, and participants' interviews. Students' misconceptions were identified through pre-tests that evaluated students' understanding of the chosen concepts, while conceptual change was assessed in pre-test--post-test design that revealed students' ability to apply the concepts and transfer skills from a worked example to satisfactorily undertake a fairly complex similar problem. The use of worked examples in concert with prompting reflective questions is effective for inducing correct conceptual change and effective problem-solving skills. However, it is recommended that engineering tutors should incorporate inquiry-based learning approach and computer simulations alongside the use of worked examples with prompting reflective questions in order to enhance students' conceptual understanding of thermodynamic concepts."""""
NaN		1458	"Olden, J. D. and R. J. Naiman (2010). """"Incorporating thermal regimes into environmental flows assessments: modifying dam operations to restore freshwater ecosystem integrity."""" Freshwater Biology 55(1): 86-107."""""	" 1. Despite escalating conflict over fresh water, recent years have witnessed a growing realisation that human society must modify its behaviour to ensure long-term ecological vitality of riverine ecosystems. In response, ecologists have been increasingly asked to guide instream flow management by providing 'environmental flow' prescriptions for sustaining the ecological integrity of riverine systems. 2. Environmental flows are typically discussed in the context of water releases from dams and water allocation for extraction ( such as for urban use or irrigation), where there is general agreement that rivers need to exhibit some resemblance of natural flow variability necessary to support a functioning ecosystem. Although productive dialogue continues on how best to define environmental flows, these discussions have been focused primarily on water quantity without explicit consideration of many components of water quality, including water temperature - a fundamental ecological variable. 3. Many human activities on the landscape have modified riverine thermal regimes. In particular, many dams have modified thermal regimes by selectively releasing hypolimnetic ( cold) or epilimnetic ( warm) water from thermally stratified reservoirs to the detriment of entire assemblages of native organisms. Despite the global scope of thermal alteration by dams, the prevention or mitigation of thermal degradation has not entered the conversation when environmental flows are discussed. 4. Here, we propose that a river's thermal regime is a key, yet poorly acknowledged, component of environmental flows. This study explores the concept of the natural thermal regime, reviews how dam operations modify thermal regimes, and discusses the ecological implications of thermal alteration for freshwater ecosystems. We identify five major challenges for incorporating water temperatures into environmental flow assessments, and describe future research opportunities and some alternative approaches for confronting those challenges. 5. We encourage ecologists and water managers to broaden their perspective on environmental flows to include both water quantity and quality with respect to restoring natural thermal regimes. We suggest that scientific research should focus on the comprehensive characterisation of seasonality and variability in stream temperatures, quantification of the temporal and spatial impacts of dam operations on thermal regimes and clearer elucidation of the relative roles of altered flow and temperature in shaping ecological patterns and processes in riverine ecosystems. Future investigations should also concentrate on using this acquired knowledge to identify the 'manageable' components of the thermal regime, and develop optimisation models that evaluate management trade-offs and provide a range of optimal environmental flows that meet both ecosystem and human needs for fresh water."""
NaN		1459	"Oldenburg, B., et al. (2016). """"Building noncommunicable disease research capacity in the South Asian region: The ASCEND program."""" Asia-Pacific Journal of Public Health 28(1, Suppl): 6S-9S."""""	" This special issue of Asia-Pacific Journal of Public Health features research articles from a number of the research trainees from the Asian Collaboration for Excellence in Noncommunicable Disease Research (ASCEND) program, a noncommunicable disease (NCD) research training and mentoring program for early- and mid-career researchers from India, Malaysia, and Sri Lanka, which has been established by funding from the Fogarty International Center, United States National Institutes of Health, since 2010. The articles presented in this supplement provide readers with a wonderful snapshot and increased understanding of the issues related to NCDs in the very rapidly developing region of South Asia, including the influence of upstream factors. There are also findings about some new tools for future research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1460	"O'Leary, J. D. and M. W. Crawford (2015). """"Perspectives on Canadian core fellowship training in pediatric anesthesia: a survey of graduate fellows."""" Canadian Journal of Anesthesia-Journal Canadien D Anesthesie 62(10): 1071-1081."""""	" Educators in anesthesia have an obligation to ensure that fellowship programs are training anesthesiologists to meet the highest standards of performance in clinical and academic practice. The objective of this survey was to characterize the perspectives of graduates of Canadian core fellowship programs in pediatric anesthesia (during a ten-year period starting in 2003) on the adequacies and inadequacies of fellowship training. We conducted an electronic survey of graduates from eight departments of pediatric anesthesia in Canada who completed one-year core fellowship training in pediatric anesthesia from 2003 to 2013. A novel survey design was implemented, and the content and structure of the design were tested before distribution. Data were collected on respondents' demographics, details of training and practice settings, perceived self-efficacy in subspecialty practices, research experience, and perspectives on one-year core fellowship training in pediatric anesthesia. Descriptive statistics and 95% confidence intervals were determined. The survey was sent to 132 anesthesiologists who completed core fellowship training in pediatric anesthesia in Canada. Sixty-five (49%) completed and eligible surveys were received. Most of the anesthesiologists surveyed perceived that 12 months of core fellowship training are sufficient to acquire the knowledge and critical skills needed to practice pediatric anesthesia. Subspecialty areas most frequently perceived to require improved training included pediatric cardiac anesthesia, chronic pain medicine, and regional anesthesia. This survey reports perceived deficiencies in domains of pediatric anesthesia fellowship training. These findings should help guide the future development of core and advanced fellowship training programs in pediatric anesthesia."""
NaN		1461	"Oliver, K. L., et al. (2015). """"‘The sweetness of struggle’: Innovation in physical education teacher education through student-centered inquiry as curriculum in a physical education methods course."""" Physical Education and Sport Pedagogy 20(1): 97-115."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this study was to examine the challenges and benefits that emerged while using an innovative field-based student-centered inquiry as curriculum model in a secondary physical education methods course. Participants and setting: This study took place in the Southwest USA. Participants included 11 pre-service teachers who were enrolled in a secondary physical education methods class, the instructor of the course and a faculty member from another department within the College of Education. Data collection/analysis: Data were collected during the 2009–2010 school year. Data included (a) all pre-service teachers' generated coursework  (b) 32 instructor's lesson plans  (c) 32 observations with field notes  (d) debriefing notes from conversations with colleagues, pre-service teachers, and high school youth  (e) transcripts from three formal 2-hour interviews with each pre-service teacher  and (f) the transcript of a professional conference presentation given by the professor and 8 of the 11 pre-service teachers. We analyzed our data through what Cochran-Smith and Lytle describe as ‘inquiry as stance’ that constructed knowledge through the interaction and inclusion of multiple voices, positions, and realities in order to make sense of a collective experience.Findings: This study describes the outcomes of utilizing an innovative field-based approach to teaching a physical education methods course, student-centered inquiry as curriculum model, as a means of challenging the status quo of physical education in order to better meet the needs of today's youth. First, we discuss how within the context of inquiry, the pre-service teachers named their experiences and relationships in the course as a ‘community of learners.’ Within this community of learners, we describe the benefits and challenges to teaching and learning that emerged. It was through inquiry that ‘the sweetness of struggle’ created the spaces for all of us to learn what it means to be professionals and challenge the status quo of what exists in our beliefs and values about teaching, learning, and youth. Implications: When implementing an innovative approach to field-based work, physical education teacher educators need to pay close attention to the challenges that emerge. While some challenges created the spaces for pre-service teacher learning to emerge as benefits, others simply reified long-existing inequities in higher education. Professors need to pay particular attention to how challenges that result in inequities so that they can respond structurally to resolve the inequities. However, the challenges that create spaces for pre-service teachers' learning, even though discomforting, need to be left alone. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1462	"Olney, M. L. (2015). """"The Undergraduate Origins of PhD Economists: The Berkeley Experience."""" Journal of Economic Education 46(2): 174-188."""""	" The University of California, Berkeley sends more undergraduate students to economics PhD programs than any other public university. While this fact is surely a function of its size, there may be lessons from the Berkeley experience that others could adopt. To investigate why Berkeley generates so many economics PhD students, the author convened and interviewed two groups: economics student services staff and a self-selected focus group of twelve economics undergraduates who plan to apply to PhD programs. Four factors came up repeatedly in these conversations: math preparation, advanced track for theory courses, research opportunities, and availability of information. A fifth factor was implicit in the conversations: peer effects."""
NaN		1463	"Olsen, D. P., et al. (2010). """"Informed consent practices of Chinese nurse researchers."""" Nursing Ethics 17(2): 179-187."""""	" Nursing research in China is at an early stage of development and little is known about the practices of Chinese nurse researchers. This interview study carried out at a university in central China explores the informed consent practices of Chinese nurse researchers and the cultural considerations of using a western technique. Nine semistructured interviews were conducted in English with assistance and simultaneous translation from a Chinese nurse with research experience. The interviews were analyzed by one western and two Chinese researchers and major themes were identified. All participants endorsed informed consent as ethically required. Differences were noted between some of the informed consent practices typically recommended in the USA and those identified in this study, such as: recruitment using local and government officials, recruiting directly from medical records without special permission, family consultation in consent and consent control, and not revealing randomization to intervention groups receiving different treatments. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1464	"Olsson, C., et al. (2014). """"Including systematic reviews in PhD programmes and candidatures in nursing Hobson's choice'?"""" Nurse Education in Practice 14(2): 102-105."""""	" Nowadays, gathering and synthesising evidence, i.e. conducting systematic reviews, is considered an important part of any health service research endeavour. Reviewing the literature, however suggest that it is not yet common that PhD students/doctoral candidates publish systematic reviews or even include a high quality review of the literature as a part of their PhD programme or candidature. Implying that systematic reviewing skills might not be acquired by going through an education on a postgraduate level. Additionally, scholars debating systematic reviews 'to be or not to be' as a part of research training seem to be sparse, especially within the field of nursing. In this issue for debate, we would like to propose that the absence of systematic reviews' in this context might severely hamper the 'up and coming' researchers as well as the research conducted. We envisage that this lack can have a negative impact on international nursing practice, and therefore propose that systematic reviews should be considered, whenever appropriate, as a mandatory part of any PhD programme or candidature. We believe that abilities in systematic reviewing will be a sought after research skills in the near future. Including systematic reviews would promote i) refined, well-grounded adequate research questions, ii) PhDs with broad and elevated methodological skills, iii) an increased level of evidence based nursing praxis. However, to make this a reality, supervisors, PhD students, and candidates would need to understand the value of this kind of research activity. Finally, lobbying University faculty boards and grant providers that are not inclined to view literature reviews as 'proper' research or as an important part of health service research, needs to be put on the agenda. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1465	"Omar, A., et al. (2012). """"Exploring the Complex Social Processes of Organizational Change: Supply Chain Orientation From a Manager's Perspective."""" Journal of Business Logistics 33(1): 4-19."""""	" Effective supply chain management strategies can lead to substantial improvements in customer value and reductions in system wide costs for each participant. Implementing supply chain management strategies, however, is not possible without embracing supply chain orientation (SCO) as a managerial philosophy. Organizational theorists have argued that organizations change only when the people in them change, yet we know little about the complex social processes occurring in the minds of the individuals involved in creating an SCO. The current literature lacks research that describes the transition to an SCO from a supply chain managers perspective. Our objective is to fill this gap by delving into the minds of operations managers, who must carry out an interpretation process to set goals, process information, perceive their environment, and actively solve problems when confronted with the organizations decision to implement supply chain initiatives. We adopt an interpretivist ontology through utilizing grounded theory to provide an in-depth analysis of interviews from seven manufacturing organizations and 121 supply chain managers to provide a rich description of those managers perceptions and challenges throughout the transition. Managerial and research implications as well as future research opportunities are provided."""
NaN		1466	"O'Neal, P. V., et al. (2016). """"A new model in teaching undergraduate research: A collaborative approach and learning cooperatives."""" Nurse Education in Practice 18: 80-84."""""	" Forming new, innovative collaborative approaches and cooperative learning methods between universities and hospitals maximize learning for undergraduate nursing students in a research course and provide professional development for nurses on the unit. The purpose of this Collaborative Approach and Learning Cooperatives (CALC) Model is to foster working relations between faculty and hospital administrators, maximize small group learning of undergraduate nursing students, and promote onsite knowledge of evidence based care for unit nurses. A quality improvement study using the CALC Model was implemented in an undergraduate nursing research course at a southern university. Hospital administrators provided a list of clinical concerns based on national performance outcome measures. Undergraduate junior nursing student teams chose a clinical question, gathered evidence from the literature, synthesized results, demonstrated practice application, and developed practice recommendations. The student teams developed posters, which were evaluated by hospital administrators. The administrators selected several posters to display on hospital units for continuing education opportunity. This CALC Model is a systematic, calculated approach and an economically feasible plan to maximize personnel and financial resources to optimize collaboration and cooperative learning. Universities and hospital administrators, nurses, and students benefit from working together and learning from each other. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1467	"O'Neill, M. (2013). """"Review of Community research for participation: From theory to method."""" Qualitative Research 13(6): 762-763."""""	" Reviews the book, Community Research for Participation: From Theory to Method edited by Lisa Goodson and Jenny Phillimore (2012). This book presents a number of reflexive chapters from different disciplinary backgrounds, relating to collaborative community research. The book explores what community peer research means in different settings and for different people. This book provides a very useful resource for achieving effective community-based research. It is clearly organized in three sections, each one dealing with a different aspect of the collaborative research experience: ‘Theoretical and methodological issues’, ‘Ethics power and emotion’ and ‘Managing the research process’. By providing numerous case studies from various parts of the world and in differing environments the book recounts how the various people involved have experienced the process and how they have resolved the challenges that they encounter. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1468	"Onyancha, O. B., et al. (2015). """"Trends, Patterns, Challenges and Types of Archival Research in Sub-Saharan Africa."""" African Journal of Library Archives and Information Science 25(2): 145-159."""""	" In a study by Onyancha and Minishi-Majanja (2009), it was reported that throughout the entire period from 1971 to 2007, research in library and information science (LIS) in sub-Saharan Africa (countries south of the Sahara desert) largely focused on topics such as information technology, information resources management, knowledge management, library science, the Internet, and information retrieval. In fact, most of the topics fell within the scope of library science. Archives, including records management, was a less researched area, although the topic featured among the top 30 subject terms between 1981 and 2007. The study also noted that among the US schools in sub-Saharan Africa, only a few placed emphasis on the provision of courses/programmes in archives and records management (ARM), particularly at an undergraduate level. Built on two studies conducted by Onyancha and Minishi-Majanja (2009) and Onyancha and Mokwatlo (2011), this study presents the status of archives and records management education, training and research in sub-Saharan Africa. It aims to help formulate ARM research agendas and university curricula that address grand societal challenges such as a lack of accountability, e-government service delivery and preservation of archival heritage. This study focuses on informetrics analysis of the nature, patterns and trends of ARM research in sub-Saharan Africa. The informetrics method was chosen as it is unobtrusive and focuses on the products of human activity (reports, books, articles, web pages and so on). Data was extracted from the Library, Information Science and Technology Abstracts (LISTA) database. The search query combined the name of the country in sub-Saharan Africa and the topics 'Archives' and/or Records - Management' as subject terms. Data was analysed quantitatively using computer-based analytical technologies and software developed specifically for informetric analyses, namely UCINET for Windows, Bibexcel and Microsoft Excel. The results suggest that ARM research is lagging behind in sub-Saharan Africa. Given the challenges of technological developments, the study surmises that there is a need for change or a paradigm shift in not only the perceptions, but also the research into archives and records management so that the profession can keep up with modern societal needs. It is hoped that the study would establish a baseline in terms of the paucity and scope of ARM research in sub-Saharan Africa, and the inter-related need for more and stronger archival education and research training activities, as well as research collaboration in the region."""
NaN		1469	"Orr, R. J., et al. (2016). """"The North Wyke Farm Platform: effect of temperate grassland farming systems on soil moisture contents, runoff and associated water quality dynamics."""" European Journal of Soil Science 67(4): 374-385."""""	" The North Wyke Farm Platform was established as a United Kingdom national capability for collaborative research, training and knowledge exchange in agro-environmental sciences. Its remit is to research agricultural productivity and ecosystem responses to different management practices for beef and sheep production in lowland grasslands. A system based on permanent pasture was implemented on three 21-ha farmlets to obtain baseline data on hydrology, nutrient cycling and productivity for 2 years. Since then two farmlets have been modified by either (i) planned reseeding with grasses that have been bred for enhanced sugar content or deep-rooting traits or (ii) sowing grass and legume mixtures to reduce nitrogen fertilizer inputs. The quantities of nutrients that enter, cycle within and leave the farmlets were evaluated with data recorded from sensor technologies coupled with more traditional field study methods. We demonstrate the potential of the farm platform approach with a case study in which we investigate the effects of the weather, field topography and farm management activity on surface runoff and associated pollutant or nutrient loss from soil. We have the opportunity to do a full nutrient cycling analysis, taking account of nutrient transformations in soil, and flows to water and losses to air. The NWFP monitoring system is unique in both scale and scope for a managed land-based capability that brings together several technologies that allow the effect of temperate grassland farming systems on soil moisture levels, runoff and associated water quality dynamics to be studied in detail."""
NaN		1470	"Ortega, S., et al. (2008). """"Building resiliency in families with young children exposed to violence: The safe start initiative pilot study."""" Best Practices in Mental Health: An International Journal 4(1): 48-64."""""	" This study investigated the relationship between risk and protective factors among families with young children who have been exposed to violence and Safe Start treatment outcomes as measured by the Parenting Stress Index--Short Form. Three groups of clients receiving different interventions were studied over the course of two years to investigate changes in parental stress and parent-child interaction. The results suggest that the groups differed in number of needs and protective factors and that these differences were strong predictors of variation in Parenting Stress Index-Short Form scores. Based on this finding, we conclude that families with higher levels of stress require immediate attention and support in linking with services that promote resiliency by reducing parental stress. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1471	"Ortlieb, E. T. and L. Lu (2011). """"Improving Teacher Education through Inquiry-Based Learning."""" International Education Studies 4(3): 41-46."""""	" Preservice educators face daunting challenges throughout their professional development, but no challenge is greater than that of contextualizing their instruction within multicultural environments. Addressing the increasing diversity and ever-changing cultures within student populations is often skimmed over within teacher education curriculums  yet, its importance to the success of preservice teachers cannot be understated. Investigators developed two specific projects which led teacher candidates to innovate and promote inquiry-based learning within their elementary learners. These practical, real-world applications took teacher candidates through the process of effective instruction: assessment, modeling, scaffolding, and evaluation."""
NaN		1472	"Osborn, C. Y., et al. (2010). """"Self-efficacy links health literacy and numeracy to glycemic control."""" Journal of Health Communication 15(Suppl 2): 146-158."""""	" The mechanisms underlying the relationship between health literacy, numeracy, and glycemic control are unclear. We explored the role of diabetes self-efficacy in the predicted pathway linking health literacy and numeracy to glycemic control (A1C). Adults with type 1 or type 2 diabetes mellitus (N = 383) were enrolled in a cross-sectional study at primary care and diabetes clinics at three medical centers. Data collected included demographic information, health literacy, general numeracy, and A1C. Path models estimated relations among health literacy, numeracy, and diabetes self-efficacy as predictors of A1C. Health literacy (r = 0.14, p < .01) and numeracy (r = 0.17, p < .001) were each associated with greater diabetes self-efficacy, and greater diabetes self-efficacy was associated with lower A1C levels (r = -0.25, p < .001). When considered in combination, numeracy was related to diabetes self-efficacy (r = 0.13, p < .05), and the effect of health literacy on diabetes self-efficacy was reduced to non-significance (r = 0.06, p = .30). Health literacy and numeracy are each associated with greater diabetes self-efficacy, and greater diabetes self-efficacy is associated with lower A1C levels. Diabetes self-efficacy may be an important target of interventions to improve diabetes control and promote health equity related to health literacy and general numeracy skills needed for diabetes management. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1473	Osborn, M. J. and J. Tolar (2016). Cellular Engineering and Disease Modeling with Gene-Editing Nucleases. Genome Editing: the Next Step in Gene Therapy. T. Cathomen, M. Hirsch and M. Porteus. 895: 223-258.	" Two rapidly evolving technologies are set to intersect at the crossroads of the future of medicine: the knowledge of how to induce and maintain cellular pluripotency, and the ability to precisely manipulate the genome with engineered nucleases. Together, these two advances have significant potential in the development of the next generation of cell and gene therapies. This review will discuss human and animal models of stem cells and the application of engineered nucleases for precision gene targeting and control. For animal studies and models, nucleases have allowed for greater flexibility and expandability. Previously untargetable regions of the murine genome are now accessible via engineered nucleases. Prior to the availability of gene editing proteins, the entire rat genome was largely refractory to gene targeting and manipulation. The ability to engineer larger animals may reduce the transplant organ gap and increase the yields of food for an expanding population. Lastly, the ability to modify stem cells of hematopoietic, embryonic, or somatic origin will allow for more relevant disease modeling, and more targeted and effective therapies. Collectively, the efficiency of gene editing nucleases and the ability to apply them across cells of multiple species allows for new research opportunities, more flexibility, and greater accuracy in choosing the model best suited for genome manipulation."""
NaN		1474	"Osman, R. and R. Casella (2007). """"Learning through fieldwork: undergraduate research and teacher education in South Africa."""" Education as Change 11(2): 33-43."""""	" In this paper we offer fieldwork as an opportunity to move away from the more procedural and routine tasks of the teaching practicum to the more desirable focus on teaching as research and an inquiry-oriented practice (Hussein, 2006  Cochran-Smith & Lytle, 1999 "" Zeichner & Teitelbaum, 1982). Moore (2003:31) points out that fieldwork """"holds great potential for ... reflective practice"""", and we feel that it offers prospective teachers opportunities to think about learning, about how learners team, and about what is most useful to them. Through empirical research practices of fieldwork, prospective teachers can construct their own understandings about teaching in complex contexts. They can also develop their competencies towards becoming 'scholars, researchers and lifelong learners'. Fieldwork has a long history as a form of social science research. At a very basic level, it involves long-term observations of an area of study, interviews with people involved, and narrative data collection in the form of field notes and interview transcripts. Fieldwork as a qualitative methodology has influenced sociology, anthropology, history, economics, documentary film-making. photography, and many other areas of study. It can also be a powerful research tool for those entering the teaching profession."""""
NaN		1475	"Osman, T. (2016). """"Medical students' perceptions towards research at a Sudanese University."""" Bmc Medical Education 16."""""	" Background: Inadequately designed curricula and barriers to research have not enabled students to realize the crucial importance of research to clinical practice. Several studies have reported variable results with regards to research training. The aim of this survey was to evaluate research training at a university in Sudan which had provided research training for 17 years. Methods: A university-based survey design, using a self-administered questionnaire, was conducted among final year medical students who completed 2 years of research training. Descriptive frequency analysis and bivariate analysis were performed using IBM SPSS version 20. Results: The response rate was 76 %. Ninety-five (91.3 %) perceived research important to medicine and 62 (59.6 %) perceived that it should be a requirement for partial fulfillment of the MBBS degree. Elevation of professional standing as a clinician was the prime reason for pursuing a career in research (18/68.2 %). Main reasons for not pursuing a career in research was research being time consuming (49/59.8 %) and focusing on clinical service being more important than clinical research (48/58.5 %). Fifty-five (56.1 %) believe that their supervisor gave them a positive attitude to research. Principle barriers to student research were lack of funding (75/72.1 %), insufficient time (71/68.3 %) and the demands of the curriculum (70/67.3 %). No significant differences were detected between gender and perceptions towards research. Conclusion: The curriculum should be revised to address the gaps in research training. A small group learning model should be adopted to train students in research and provide supervision to group research projects. This model would improve academic learning, skills acquisition, encourage student interest in research, reduce barriers to student research and make better use of limited resources."""
NaN		1476	"O'Steen, B. (2008). """"Are Dewey's Ideas Alive and Well in New Zealand Undergraduate Education? Kiwi Case Studies of Inquiry-Based Learning."""" Journal of Experiential Education 30(3): 299-303."""""	" Inquiry-based learning (IBL) is an approach that could be used by undergraduate educators that appears to meet the suggestions by Dewey to integrate students' interests and experiences with content knowledge. The IBL approach has been described as ""a range of strategies used to promote learning through students' active, and increasingly independent, investigation of questions, problems and issues, often for which there is no single answer"""". Further, defining characteristics of IBL, such as: """"It is student directed, it encourages reflection on the teaching/learning process, it develops collaborative learning skills, it promotes active and deep learning"""", align with most descriptions of experiential education. In order to identify, explore, and describe what an IBL approach looks like in undergraduate education, research was conducted during the first semester of 2007 at the University of Canterbury in Christchurch, New Zealand. Through a grant from the New Zealand Ministry of Education, three in-depth case studies of undergraduate classes in Communications Disorders (CMDS 381: Clinical Practice 3), Engineering (ENGR101: Foundations of Engineering), and Sociology (SOCI 111: Exploring Society) were developed. To do this, the Naturalistic Inquiry conceptual framework, data collection, and data processing strategies described by Lincoln and Guba (1985) were used. The full case study for each course provides a thick description of the contexts to provide a nuanced understanding of students' and teachers' experiences in relation to characteristics of IBL in the literature."""""
NaN		1477	"Oster, R. A., et al. (2015). """"Assessing Statistical Competencies in Clinical and Translational Science Education: One Size Does Not Fit All."""" Cts-Clinical and Translational Science 8(1): 32-42."""""	" IntroductionStatistics is an essential training component for a career in clinical and translational science (CTS). Given the increasing complexity of statistics, learners may have difficulty selecting appropriate courses. Our question was: what depth of statistical knowledge do different CTS learners require? MethodsFor three types of CTS learners (principal investigator, co-investigator, informed reader of the literature), each with different backgrounds in research (no previous research experience, reader of the research literature, previous research experience), 18 experts in biostatistics, epidemiology, and research design proposed levels for 21 statistical competencies. ResultsStatistical competencies were categorized as fundamental, intermediate, or specialized. CTS learners who intend to become independent principal investigators require more specialized training, while those intending to become informed consumers of the medical literature require more fundamental education. For most competencies, less training was proposed for those with more research background. DiscussionWhen selecting statistical coursework, the learner's research background and career goal should guide the decision. Some statistical competencies are considered to be more important than others. Baseline knowledge assessments may help learners identify appropriate coursework. ConclusionRather than one size fits all, tailoring education to baseline knowledge, learner background, and future goals increases learning potential while minimizing classroom time."""
NaN		1479	"Otto, B., et al. (2013). """"Toward a business model reference for interoperability services."""" Computers in Industry 64(8): 887-897."""""	" The importance of interoperability for businesses is undoubted. After an evolution from electronic data interchange to interoperability in electronic business and enterprise interoperability both the scientific and the practitioners' community are today discussing the notion of interoperability service utilities. Furthermore, researchers are studying decentralized and distributed interoperability approaches such as peer-to-peer networks, for example. However, a comprehensive investigation of business models for such decentralized approaches to interoperability is still missing. Drawing from recent literature on business modeling on the one hand and interoperability research on the other hand this paper designs a business model reference for interoperability services. The business model reference assumes interoperability information as an economic good and is applied in two case studies and evaluated from multiple perspectives. The paper contributes to the scientific body of knowledge as it proposes a novel design artifact which lays the foundation for a number of future research opportunities. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1480	"Ourian, A. J., et al. (2011). """"Outreach in Surgery at the Undergraduate Level: An Opportunity to Improve Surgical Interest among Women?"""" American Surgeon 77(10): 1412-1415."""""	" Medical career choice is often formed at the premedical level, thus surgeons must reach out to undergraduates to enhance interest in surgery. Because there is a predominance of women among undergraduates (57%), this outreach also serves as an opportunity to introduce women to a surgical career. We developed an undergraduate course (""Surgery 99"""") offering course credit for participation in clinical research projects in surgery, shadowing surgeons in the operating room, and receiving mentorship for a surgical career. Six surgeons (50% women) served as course instructors. The final exam was a thesis with oral presentation. For enrollment, 132 students applied and 13 were accepted each quarter. Eleven students (85%) were women. None of the students had prior exposure to surgery. All but one student (93%) found the experience met or exceeded their expectations. Upon exit, knowledge attained was ranked highest, followed by observation in the operating room, and clinical research experience. All found that the course affirmed their decision to attend medical school and promoted their interest in surgery residency. We demonstrate a successful model for outreach in surgery at the undergraduate level that can positively influence interest in a surgical career, especially among women."""""
NaN		1481	"Ovink, S. M. and B. D. Veazey (2011). """"More than """"Getting Us through"""": A Case Study in Cultural Capital Enrichment of Underrepresented Minority Undergraduates."""" Research in Higher Education 52(4): 370-394."""""	" Minority students continue to be underrepresented among those who seek graduate and professional degrees in the sciences. Much previous research has focused on academic preparation. Equally important, however, are the psychological-social barriers and lack of institutional support encountered by many minority students. We present a case study of a university-sponsored intervention program for minority science majors that addresses not only academics, but also socialization into the academic community, networking, and the ability to practice newfound skills and dispositions through undergraduate research. In examining this case, we suggest that concerted, formal efforts toward expanding ""habitus"""" and thereby augmenting cultural and social capital may have positive effects for underrepresented minority (URM) college students' academic and career prospects. Moreover, we argue that these differences """"complement"""" the gains program participants make in academic preparedness, showing that attention to academics alone may be insufficient for addressing longstanding inequities in science career attainment among URM students. (Contains 2 tables and 5 footnotes.)"""""
NaN		1482	"Oyana, T. J., et al. (2015). """"Nurturing Diversity in STEM Fields through Geography: The Past, the Present, and the Future."""" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 16(2): 20-29."""""	" To date, there has been a wealth of research on participation in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields, but most research focuses on the implementation of programs and whether these programs work. Such research can be expanded and enhanced by considering geographic perspectives on participation in the STEM fields and by examining the factors that prevent participation in these fields. In this paper, we seek to examine geographic perspectives to broadening participation in the STEM fields in two ways. We first conduct a literature review on the geographical understanding of barriers and facilitators of higher education that encompasses underrepresented populations in STEM fields. Second, we present a case study that catalyzes geography and seeks to broaden participation in the STEM fields. Both the literature review and case study show the significance and the role played by place-based factors and approaches, spatial thinking and inquiry-based learning, and environmental education and civic engagement work in helping advance the science of broadening participation in STEM fields."""
NaN		1483	"Oyebode, O., et al. (2016). """"THE GHOST IN THE MACHINE? THE VALUE OF EXPERT ADVICE IN THE PRODUCTION OF EVIDENCE-BASED GUIDANCE: A MIXED METHODS STUDY OF THE NICE INTERVENTIONAL PROCEDURES PROGRAMME."""" International Journal of Technology Assessment in Health Care 32(1-2): 61-68."""""	" Objectives: The aim of this study was to determine the aspects of expert advice that decision makers find most useful in the development of evidence-based guidance and to identify the characteristics of experts providing the most useful advice. Methods: First, semi-structured interviews were conducted with seventeen members of the Interventional Procedures Advisory Committee of the UK's National Institute of Health and Care Excellence. Interviews examined the usefulness of expert advice during guidance development. Transcripts were analyzed inductively to identify themes. Second, data were extracted from 211 experts' questionnaires for forty-one consecutive procedures. Usefulness of advice was scored using an index developed through the qualitative work. Associations between usefulness score and characteristics of the expert advisor were investigated using univariate and multivariate analyses. Results: Expert opinion was seen as a valued complement to empirical evidence, providing context and tacit knowledge unavailable in published literature, but helpful for interpreting it. Interviewees also valued advice on the training and experience required to perform a procedure, on patient selection criteria and the place of a procedure within a clinical management pathway. Limitations of bias in expert opinion were widely acknowledged and skepticism expressed regarding the anecdotal nature of advice on safety or efficacy outcomes. Quantitative analysis demonstrated that the most useful advice was given by clinical experts with direct personal experience of the procedure, particularly research experience. Conclusions: Evidence-based guidance production is often characterized as a rational, pipeline process. This ignores the valuable role that expert opinion plays in guidance development, complementing and supporting the interpretation of empirical data."""
NaN		1484	"Ozay, S. B. (2012). """"The Dimensions of Research in Undergraduate Learning."""" Teaching in Higher Education 17(4): 453-464."""""	" Most Australian Universities offer a selection of research-intensive pathways at the graduate level, which provides opportunities for independent inquiry and intellectual autonomy. Undergraduate students, however, are somewhat short-changed in their experience in research. They are exposed to a variety of areas and disciplines, which forms a general cluster of knowledge, but students graduate without obtaining the skills associated with research and inquiry. Digital communication networks and the ways in which information is disseminated in modern society play an important role in the way people live and learn. At the same time, younger generations are emerging with greater skills in digital literacy, which bears an impact on how knowledge is produced and information is shared. This prompts to question, are undergraduate students acquiring the generic attributes that will help them to cope with the complexities of an information-driven society? The following article is based on the premise that undergraduate students need to be empowered to construct their own knowledge as potential producers rather than mere consumers of knowledge. It provides a synthesis of cross-disciplinary perspectives and educational debates that support the argument for, and benefits of, providing research-enriched learning for undergraduate students. This article adopts a framework for the dimensions of research in undergraduate learning. The different models presented in this article aim to illustrate the various ways that research can be integrated with teaching to benefit learning. (Contains 1 figure.)"""
NaN		1485	"Ozgun-Koca, A. S., et al. (2010). """"Preservice Teachers' Emerging TPACK in a Technology-Rich Methods Class."""" Mathematics Educator 19(2): 10-20."""""	" There is a dearth of research on the mechanisms for preservice teachers' development of the pedagogical knowledge necessary for effective use of such technologies. We explored the emergent Technological Pedagogical and Content Knowledge (TPACK) (Niess 2005, 2006, 2007) of a group of secondary mathematics preservice teachers in a methods course as they designed and implemented technology-rich teaching materials in field settings. Participant surveys and collected assignments were analyzed through the lens of the TPACK framework. The data were also analyzed to examine the trajectory of the participants' beliefs about the appropriate role of advanced digital technologies in mathematics. The results indicate that the participants' understanding of technology shifted from viewing technology as a tool for reinforcement into viewing technology as a tool for developing student understanding. Collected data supports the notion that preservice teacher TPACK development is closely related to a shift in identity from ""learners of mathematics"""" to """"teachers of mathematics"""". In a class where advanced digital technologies were used extensively as a catalyst for promoting inquiry-based learning, preservice teachers retained a great deal of skepticism about the appropriateness of using technology in concept development roles, despite their confidence that they can incorporate technology into their future teaching. (Contains 5 figures.)"""""
NaN		1486	"Ozturk, E. and S. Ucus (2015). """"Nature of Science Lessons, Argumentation and Scientific Discussions among Students in Science Classes: A Case Study in a Successful School."""" Journal of Education in Science, Environment and Health 1(2): 102-110."""""	" Argumentation is highlighted as one of the most important activities of science education by many researchers. The main aim of this research is to examine primary school students' nature of science classes and argumentation skills in terms of their academic success in primary science classes. Thus, the main interest of the study is centered on the nature of science lessons, the structure of the argument and an effort to scaffold students' understanding concerning the argument's structure. As this was considered the initial, but students have to acquire fundamental skills before dealing with the inner validity of an argument. Moreover, successful and chosen students for this study were studied carefully dense by the researchers. In that scope, the study was designed on ""qualitative"""" research techniques which are detailed as explorative and fundamentally interpretation for the related topic. Since a particular school's successful students are considered in the research, it could be viewed and designed as a case study. The study is conducted with 8th graders with the age of 12-13 in a private elementary school. Focus group interviews and classroom observations during science lessons were the basic tools to obtain data. The results were grouped under the following aspects: objectives of science education, science teaching methods of teachers, teaching materials and teacher's attitudes towards his/her students during the class. Two science teachers in this school both give importance inquiry based teaching science. This research has demonstrated that even the most successful 8th graders in science classes do not necessarily understand fundamental concepts about nature and science. The science teachers in this research also mentioned that the interactive nature of information technologies can support students in carrying out inquiry-based activities, using problems, questions, and even theories that they themselves define and develop argumentation."""""
NaN		1487	"Pacifici, L. B. and N. Thomson (2011). """"Undergraduate Science Research: A Comparison of Influences and Experiences between Premed and Non-Premed Students."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 10(2): 199-208."""""	" Most students participating in science undergraduate research (UR) plan to attend either medical school or graduate school. This study examines possible differences between premed and non-premed students in their influences to do research and expectations of research. Questionnaire responses from 55 premed students and 80 non-premed students were analyzed. No differences existed in the expectations of research between the two groups, but attitudes toward science and intrinsic motivation to learn more about science were significantly higher for non-premed students. Follow-up interviews with 11 of the students, including a case study with one premed student, provided explanation for the observed differences. Premed students, while not motivated to learn more about science, were motivated to help people, which is why most of them are pursuing medicine. They viewed research as a way to help them become doctors and to rule out the possibility of research as a career. Non-premed students participated in research to learn more about a specific science topic and gain experience that may be helpful in graduate school research. The difference in the reasons students want to do UR may be used to tailor UR experiences for students planning to go to graduate school or medical school. (Contains 5 tables.)"""
NaN		1488	"Pacifici, L. B. and N. Thomson (2011). """"What Do They Expect? A Comparison of Student Expectations and Outcomes of Undergraduate Research Experiences."""" Journal of College Science Teaching 41(1): 54-60."""""	" The beneficial outcomes of undergraduate research (UR) in science have been continuously supported in scholarly research. The reported outcomes are often discussed in terms of institutional goals for education. The purpose of this manuscript is to examine the outcomes of UR in science in relation to the individual expectations of students participating in UR. A questionnaire on students' expectations of their research experience was completed by 26 undergraduate science majors at the beginning of the semester in which they were doing research. Students completed a second questionnaire at the end of their semester of research on their perceived outcomes of their experience. Follow-up interviews were conducted with 11 of the participants to gain a deeper understanding of the relationship between students' expectations and outcomes of UR. Increased GPA and help getting into graduate or professional school were the two outcomes for which students reported significantly higher outcomes than expectations. Making faculty connections and publishing research were the two outcomes for which reported expectations were significantly higher than outcomes. These results can be used to help institutions fine-tune their UR programs to address student expectations. (Contains 2 figures.)"""
NaN		1489	"Packard, B. W., et al. (2014). """"Negotiating Peer Mentoring Roles in Undergraduate Research Lab Settings."""" Mentoring & Tutoring: Partnership in Learning 22(5): 433-445."""""	" Undergraduate research is viewed as an important catalyst for educational engagement and persistence, with an emphasis on the faculty mentoring relationship. Despite the common practice of having multi-tiered lab teams composed of newer undergraduates and more seasoned undergraduates serving as peer mentors, less is understood about the experience of peer mentors. Using the framework of legitimate peripheral participation, this study examined how peer mentors negotiated their roles in the lab. Nested case studies based on interviews with peer mentors, faculty members, and newer students illustrated how peer mentors establish credibility through prior lab experience and faculty-framed authority. Delegating supervision was an important component that helped newer students to accept the authority of the peer mentor. Implications for program development and future research involving peer mentoring are discussed."""
NaN		1490	"Packard, J. (2008). """"'I'm gonna show you what it's really like out here': the power and limitation of participatory visual methods."""" Visual Studies 23(1): 63-77."""""	" Participatory visual research methods have been developed as part of an explicit attempt to decrease the power differential between the researcher and the researched. Methods designed to bring these relationships more in line with one another, ceding power to research participants, have served not only to create a more ethical research situation, but also to generate new forms of knowledge which cannot be developed any other way. While the development of such methods has received significant attention in recent years, there has still not been an adequate exploration of the limitations of these practices. In this article the author draw upon his research experiences with homeless men in order to examine the relationship between power and knowledge creation within participatory visual methodologies. The results presented here help to demarcate the boundaries of effectiveness for these methods and show where future work is needed while at the same time offering insights into the nature of identity construction in marginalized populations."""
NaN		1491	"Padek, M., et al. (2015). """"Developing educational competencies for dissemination and implementation research training programs: an exploratory analysis using card sorts."""" Implementation Science 10."""""	" Background: With demand increasing for dissemination and implementation (D&I) training programs in the USA and other countries, more structured, competency-based, and tested curricula are needed to guide training programs. There are many benefits to the use of competencies in practice-based education such as the establishment of rigorous standards as well as providing an additional metrics for development and growth. As the first aim of a D&I training grant, an exploratory study was conducted to establish a new set of D&I competencies to guide training in D&I research. Methods: Based upon existing D&I training literature, the leadership team compiled an initial list of competencies. The research team then engaged 16 additional colleagues in the area of D&I science to provide suggestions to the initial list. The competency list was then additionally narrowed to 43 unique competencies following feedback elicited from these D&I researchers. Three hundred additional D&I researchers were then invited via email to complete a card sort in which the list of competencies were sorted into three categories of experience levels. Participants had previous first-hand experience with D&I or knowledge translation training programs in the past. Participants reported their self-identified D&I expertise level as well as the country in which their home institution is located. A mean score was calculated for each competency based on their experience level categorization. From these mean scores, beginner-, intermediate-, and advanced-level tertiles were created for the competencies. Results: The card sort request achieved a 41 % response rate (n = 124). The list of 43 competencies was organized into four broad domains and sorted based on their experience level score. Eleven competencies were classified into the ""Beginner"""" category, 27 into """"Intermediate,"""" and 5 into """"Advanced."""" Conclusions: Education and training developers can use this competency list to formalize future trainings in D&I research, create more evidence-informed curricula, and enable overall capacity building and accompanying metrics in the field of D&I training and research."""""
NaN		1492	"Pagano, T. C., et al. (2014). """"Challenges of Operational River Forecasting."""" Journal of Hydrometeorology 15(4): 1692-1707."""""	" Skillful and timely streamflow forecasts are critically important to water managers and emergency protection services. To provide these forecasts, hydrologists must predict the behavior of complex coupled human-natural systems using incomplete and uncertain information and imperfect models. Moreover, operational predictions often integrate anecdotal information and unmodeled factors. Forecasting agencies face four key challenges: 1) making the most of available data, 2) making accurate predictions using models, 3) turning hydrometeorological forecasts into effective warnings, and 4) administering an operational service. Each challenge presents a variety of research opportunities, including the development of automated quality-control algorithms for the myriad of data used in operational streamflow forecasts, data assimilation, and ensemble forecasting techniques that allow for forecaster input, methods for using human-generated weather forecasts quantitatively, and quantification of human interference in the hydrologic cycle. Furthermore, much can be done to improve the communication of probabilistic forecasts and to design a forecasting paradigm that effectively combines increasingly sophisticated forecasting technology with subjective forecaster expertise. These areas are described in detail to share a real-world perspective and focus for ongoing research endeavors."""
NaN		1493	"Page, C. A., et al. (2013). """"Enrichment Experiences in Engineering (E[superscript 3]) for Teachers Summer Research Program: An Examination of Mixed-Method Evaluation Findings on High School Teacher Implementation of Engineering Content in High School STEM Classrooms."""" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 14(3): 27-33."""""	" Ongoing efforts across the U.S. to encourage K-12 students to consider science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) careers have been motivated by concerns that the STEM pipeline is shrinking because of declining student enrollment and increasing rates of retirement in industry. The Enrichment Experiences in Engineering (E[superscript 3]) for Teachers Summer Research Program at Texas A&M University engages high school STEM teachers in an engineering research experience so they can introduce engineering concepts through the courses they teach to their students and stimulate students to pursue engineering careers. This paper presents programmatic evaluation mixed-methods findings assessing the value of the E[superscript 3] program as a catalyst for STEM teachers' professional development in understanding the field of engineering and their perceived ability to implement engineering content into their high school STEM classes. Quantitative programmatic evaluation findings document that the E[superscript 3] program had a positive benefit for STEM teachers as related to their experiences in teaching and promoting the field of engineering to their students. Qualitative programmatic evaluation findings document two themes, ""Positive Professional Development Growth"""" and """"Short/Long-Term Benefits of Participation."""" Finally, recommendations are provided to high school STEM teachers and Colleges of Engineering to enhance their partnerships."""""
NaN		1494	"Pain, T., et al. (2015). """"Comparison of research experience and support needs of rural versus regional allied health professionals."""" The Australian Journal of Rural Health 23(5): 277-285."""""	" Objective: We compared the research experience or support needs of allied health professionals in rural versus regional cities to identify if they were the same or different. Design: Descriptive study using a cross sectional survey. Setting: This study was carried within Queensland Health’s northern six health services. Participants: Queensland health staff classified as Health Practitioners. Interventions: This survey was conducted as part of a research capacity building initiative within Queensland Health to increase AHPs’ participation in research in regional cities and rural areas of Queensland. Main outcome measures: Questions in the survey identified demographics, research experience, need for research support, research knowledge and beliefs about research. Data were compared using Chi-square and t-tests. Results: The total response rate was 54.5% with 18% of the HPs located in rural communities of less than 5000 people and the rest from the three major cities in northern Queensland. Rural HPs have less research experience in most research activities than regional city HPs and need more research support. Rural HPs have more qualitative research experience than regional city HPs and research is perceived positively by both. Barriers to conducting research were similar across both groups and included insufficient time, lack of staff and no statistical support. Conclusion: Rural HPs are younger and have less research experience than their counterparts working in regional cities. Therefore, building rural HP research capacity initiatives may require more access to facilitators such as the Research Fellows. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1495	"Paina, L., et al. (2013). """"How does investment in research training affect the development of research networks and collaborations?"""" Health Research Policy and Systems 11."""""	" Background: Whether and how research training programs contribute to research network development is underexplored. The Fogarty International Center (FIC) has supported overseas research training programs for over two decades. FIC programs could provide an entry point in the development of research networks and collaborations. We examine whether FIC's investment in research training contributed to the development of networks and collaborations in two countries with longstanding FIC investments - Uganda and Kenya - and the factors which facilitated this process. Methods: As part of two case studies at Uganda's Makerere University and Kenya's University of Nairobi, we conducted 53 semi-structured in-depth interviews and nine focus group discussions. To expand on our case study findings, we conducted a focused bibliometric analysis on two purposively selected topic areas to examine scientific productivity and used online network illustration tools to examine the resulting network structures. Results: FIC support made important contributions to network development. Respondents from both Uganda and Kenya confirmed that FIC programs consistently provided trainees with networking skills and exposure to research collaborations, primarily within the institutions implementing FIC programs. In both countries, networks struggled with inclusiveness, particularly in HIV/AIDS research. Ugandan respondents perceived their networks to be more cohesive than Kenyan respondents did. Network cohesiveness was positively correlated with the magnitude and longevity of FIC's programs. Support from FIC grants to local and regional research network development and networking opportunities, such as conferences, was rare. Synergies between FIC programs and research grants helped to solidify and maintain research collaborations. Conclusions: Networks developed where FIC's programs focused on a particular institution, there was a critical mass of trainees with similar interests, and investments for network development were available from early implementation. Networks were less likely to emerge where FIC efforts were thinly scattered across multiple institutions. The availability of complementary research grants created opportunities for researchers to collaborate in grant writing, research implementation, and publications. FIC experiences in Uganda and Kenya showcase the important role of research training programs in creating and sustaining research networks. FIC programs should consider including support to research networks more systematically in their capacity development agenda."""
NaN		1496	"Palmer, R. J., et al. (2015). """"Mentoring, Undergraduate Research, and Identity Development: A Conceptual Review and Research Agenda."""" Mentoring & Tutoring: Partnership in Learning 23(5): 411-426."""""	" Mentored undergraduate research has been identified as a high-impact practice that enhances teaching and learning in higher education. It is reported to influence students' academic, affective, and behavioral outcomes. However, there is only an emerging literature related to student outcomes associated with identity development, specifically students' personal and professional identities. This integrative literature review examines the intersections and interrelationship across mentoring, undergraduate research, and student identity development. Its results uncover the complexity of the constructs, and their dynamic interrelationship, especially when viewed through the lenses of the sociocultural perspective grounded in the notion of mediated action. Two assumptions undergird this perspective: first, that all investigation takes place at the intersection of these constructs with mediated action, not individuals in isolation, as a unit of analysis  and, second, that any study of identity must focus on an understanding of identity as multiple, dynamic, and situated in personal and cultural contexts (institutional, disciplinary, and external community culture and values). Thus, the sociocultural perspective and its underlying assumptions shape the proposed research agenda. This research agenda has the potential to advance current knowledge related to mentored undergraduate research and the confluence of elements that contribute to student personal and cultural identities (academic, disciplinary, and professional). Findings from this work will inform our understanding of learning and knowledge construction in sociocultural context, and the trajectory of identity development of students engaged in high-impact learning experiences."""
NaN		1497	"Palucci Marziale, M. H. (2010). """"Strategic research, technological innovation and nursing."""" Revista Latino-Americana de Enfermagem 18(1): 1-2."""""	" Technological innovation is defined as a process of conceiving or gathering new functionalities or characteristics for a product or production method. In this movement, shifts in quality or productivity that are able to adapt a business or a service to the market reality are explored. The concept also refers to the introduction of a new product, service or process into the market, based on the available knowledge, whether recent or previously generated. Innovation is the knowledge in action, it is the knowledge widely used in society and productive organizations, whether they are goods or health services. In view of this scenario, Nursing has many challenges, such as: training scientists who can work internationally in science innovation. This role should be performed by the teaching systems, undergraduate and graduate programs. Financial institutions should increase financial support for national research. Also, there is the need to help scientists from developing countries to participate in innovation systems through global research with specialists from other nations. These research partnerships should be fairer and enable the development of scientists, supporting their careers in national institutions through long-term research opportunities, publications and creation of research groups. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1498	"Paluri, S. L., et al. (2015). """"Introducing """"Green"""" and """"Nongreen"""" Aspects of Noble Metal Nanoparticle Synthesis: An Inquiry-Based Laboratory Experiment for Chemistry and Engineering Students."""" Journal of Chemical Education 92(2): 350-354."""""	" In recent years, nanoscience and nanotechnology have been drawing enormous attention due to the numerous applications of nanomaterials. In an attempt to nurture interest towards these areas in young minds and to develop the next generation of environmentally conscious scientists and engineers, this new laboratory module focuses on the green and nongreen aspects of noble metal nanoparticles (NPs) synthesis. The element of novelty is represented by the guided, inquiry-based exploration of alternative, green fabrication methods using environmentally friendly reducing agents (e.g., tea extracts, coffee, honey, coconut oil, and banana peel). The inquiry-based learning was developed according to the five essential features laid by the National Research Council (NRC), and was successfully implemented after science and engineering students gained theoretical knowledge and hands-on experience with conventional, nongreen fabrication methods of colloidal silver and gold NPs (i.e., the Lee-Meisel and Turkevich methods). The student assignments and evaluations demonstrated that this inquiry-based laboratory increased students' interest in green nanochemistry, provided them with new laboratory skills, and stimulated their critical thinking."""
NaN		1499	"Paplanus, L. M., et al. (2014). """"Knowledge translation: A Nurse Practitioner Clinical Ladder Advancement Program in a university-affiliated, integrated medical center."""" Journal of the American Association of Nurse Practitioners 26(8): 424-437."""""	" Purpose: A Nurse Practitioner Clinical Ladder (NPCL) Advancement Program was designed to recognize and reward advanced nursing practice and promote nurse practitioner (NP) retention at New York University Hospitals Center (NYUHC). Data sources: Search of published and gray literature was conducted. Electronic databases included CINAHL, Medline, PubMed, Cochrane Library of Systematic Reviews, and the Joanna Briggs Institute. Conclusions: The NYUHC NPCL Advancement Program incorporated its current Staff Nurse Clinical Ladder, previous NP promotional program literature, and NP role competencies to support the Advanced Practice Nursing Clinical Ladder Program. The NPCL is supportive of professional development, performance evaluation, clinical practice excellence, job satisfaction, and NP retention. Program outgrowths include a progressive model of NP clinical practice, a formal NP mentoring program, NP leadership, and research opportunities. Implications for practice: Organizational commitment to a structured NPCL Advancement Program is critical for NP professional development, evolving role responsibilities, and job satisfaction. The NPCL Advancement Program provides requisite structures and processes supportive of clinical excellence. The development of the NPCL has highlighted the need for structured NP orientation and mentorship, knowledge translation, and leadership programs to meet the professional needs of NPs in diverse clinical settings."""
NaN		1500	"Pappadopulos, E., et al. (2011). """"Experts' recommendations for treating maladaptive aggression in youth."""" Journal of Child and Adolescent Psychopharmacology 21(6): 505-515."""""	" Background: Psychiatric treatment for children and adolescents with clinically significant aggression is common and often involves the use of antipsychotic medications. Increasingly, pediatricians are initiating or managing such treatments despite limited evidence on optimal diagnostic, psychosocial, and medication approaches for pediatric aggression. Aims: The objective of this study was to gather clinicians’ and researchers’ expertise concerning the treatment of maladaptive aggression, using expert consensus survey methods to aid the development of guidelines for pediatricians and psychiatrists on the outpatient treatment of maladaptive aggression in youth (T-MAY). Methods: Forty-six experts (psychiatrists, pediatricians, and researchers) with >10 years of clinical and/or research experience in the treatment of pediatric aggression completed a 27-item survey (>400 treatment alternatives) about optimal diagnostic, psychosocial, and medication treatments. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and confidence intervals. Results: Expert consensus methodology clearly differentiated optimal versus nonoptimal treatment strategies for maladaptive aggression. In contrast to current practice trends, results indicated that experts support the use of psychosocial interventions and parent education and training before the use of medication for maladaptive aggression at every stage of medication treatment, from diagnosis to maintenance to medication discontinuation. Conclusion: Overall findings indicate that evidence-informed strategies for outpatient treatment of pediatric maladaptive aggression, guided by systematically derived expert opinions, are attainable. In light of the gap between the research literature and clinical practice, expert consensus opinion supports specific practices for optimal outpatient management in children and adolescents with severe and persistent behavioral difficulties. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1501	"Paradise, L. V. and R. L. Dufrene (2010). """"A research group model for graduate training in counselling."""" British Journal of Guidance & Counselling 38(1): 101-111."""""	" Faced with doing research, students are often hesitant. Most graduate students have never conducted extensive research, having few qualifications or little technical skills. This article focuses on helping students acquire research interests, understanding and skills by using an experiential research group model. The purpose of this article is to show how a research group model can complement the teaching and training of graduate students in counsellor education. We provide an example of how we developed a qualitative research project to examine the proposed research group model. The group model provided students with practical experience within a structured setting using five specific research topics. Perspectives of students and faculty on research groups as a positive addition to traditional teaching are provided."""
NaN		1502	"Parhar, N. and O. Sensoy (2011). """"Culturally Relevant Pedagogy Redux: Canadian Teachers' Conceptions of Their Work and Its Challenges."""" Canadian Journal of Education 34(2): 189-218."""""	" This study examined how teachers who practice culturally relevant pedagogy describe their work and its challenges. Data is from ten semi-structured interviews with teachers in Vancouver Canada. Analysis revealed four themes in relation to participants' practice to support culturally diverse students: 1) An inclusive classroom of meaningful student-teacher relationships, collaborative learning, and a respectful classroom climate  2) Expanded conception of the curriculum that validates students' cultures, develop critical consciousness and agency  3) A resource team including families and support workers  4) Purposeful renewal of knowledge via research and professional development. In addition, participants described institutional barriers common to their practice. (Contains 1 figure and 1 table.)"""
NaN		1503	"Pariente, J. P., et al. (2016). """"Competency-Based Curricular Design: An Action Research Experience in """"Technology"""" in Compulsory Secondary Education."""" Qualitative Research in Education 5(2): 167-199."""""	" Competency-based evaluation is a priority in the last legislative frameworks that regulate the educational system in Spain. However, this evaluation procedure has not been satisfactorily resolved in any of these frameworks. In this paper we present a proposal for the integration of competences in the design of learning sequences. This proposal has emerged as a result of an action research process conducted for a couple of years by a team of three researchers, leaded by a technology teacher in mandatory secondary education. The proposal was made in accordance with LOE (the Spanish General Educational Law approved in 2006), but as discussed in the article, it adapts to the proposal made afterwards by LOMCE (the current Spanish General Education Law, approved in 2013) to overcome some of the issues found in the implementation of Competency-based evaluation. The findings of the study show that it is necessary to break down the learning standards defined in LOMCE to facilitate their assessment. Moreover, we have also found that the evaluation of learning should be continuous and differentiated based on observation according to the learning goals."""
NaN		1504	"Park, J. (2015). """"Effect of Robotics-Enhanced Inquiry-Based Learning in Elementary Science Education in South Korea."""" Journal of Computers in Mathematics and Science Teaching 34(1): 71-95."""""	" Much research has been conducted in educational robotics, a new instructional technology, for K-12 education. However, there are arguments on the effect of robotics and limited empirical evidence to investigate the impact of robotics in science learning. Also most robotics studies were carried in an informal educational setting. This study examined a 10-week robotics enhanced inquiry based learning(REIBL) in formal science curriculum through an experimental research in South Korea with regard to motivation and academic achievement. The experimental group learned through REIBL approach in the science class, while the control group was taught using traditional methods. An analysis of covariance was conducted to compare the between-group differences in motivation toward science and academic achievement before and after the experiment  an interview was also conducted for the experimental group. The study results showed a significant improvement (p < 0.05) in both motivation and academic achievement in the experimental group compared with the control group. There was also positive perception about robotics as inquiry learning tool. This study will play an important role in research on the educational use of robotics in formal science education in the future."""
NaN		1505	"Park, N. K., et al. (2014). """"Reverse knowledge diffusion: Competitive dynamics and the knowledge seeking behavior of Korean high-tech firms."""" Asia Pacific Journal of Management 31(2): 355-375."""""	" This paper endeavors to enrich the existing knowledge acquisition literatures by specifically highlighting downsides of external ties of individuals. We introduce the concept of reverse knowledge diffusion (RKD) through external ties of individuals, and develop theoretical propositions to explain how the risks of RKD vary based on competitive dynamics and status of firms as innovation market leaders or market followers. We develop the construct of RKD to help explain why rivals may pursue contrasting knowledge seeking strategies with regards to leverage external ties of individuals, the timing of establishing these ties, and ex ante control mechanisms designed to regulate these relationships. We also discuss how our propositions advance the theory of knowledge seeking behaviors and generate future research opportunities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1506	"Parker, A. E., et al. (2014). """"The impact of mindfulness education on elementary school students: Evaluation of the Master Mind program."""" Advances in School Mental Health Promotion 7(3): 184-204."""""	" Children need to be equipped with the skills to respond effectively to stress and prevent poor decision-making surrounding alcohol and tobacco use. Training and practice in mindfulness is one possible avenue for building children's skills. Recent research has revealed that mindfulness education in the classroom may play a role in enhancing children's self-regulatory abilities. Thus, the goal of the current study was to extend existing research in mindfulness education in classrooms and conduct an assessment of the feasibility and effectiveness of a new mindfulness education, substance abuse prevention program for fourth- and fifth-grade children (Master Mind). Two elementary schools were randomly assigned to be an intervention group (n = 71) or wait-list control group (n = 40). Students in the intervention group were taught the four-week Master Mind program by their regular classroom teachers. At pre- and postintervention time points, students completed self-reports of their intentions to use substances and an executive functioning performance task. Teachers rated students on their behavior in the classroom. Findings revealed that students who participated in the Master Mind program, as compared to those in the wait-list control condition, showed significant improvements in executive functioning skills (girls and boys), as well as a marginally significant increase in self-control abilities (boys only). In addition, significant reductions were found in aggression and social problems (girls and boys), as well as anxiety (girls only). No significant differences across groups were found for intentions to use alcohol or tobacco. Teachers implemented the program with fidelity  both teachers and students positively rated the structure and content of the Master Mind program, providing evidence of program satisfaction and feasibility. Although generalization may be limited by the small sample size, the findings suggest that mindfulness education may be beneficial in increasing self-regulatory abilities, which is important for substance abuse prevention. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1507	"Parker, L. E. and S. R. Morris (2016). """"A Survey of Practical Experiences & Co-Curricular Activities to Support Undergraduate Biology Education."""" American Biology Teacher 78(9): 719-724."""""	" Active-learning experiences - in classrooms, laboratories, and outside of courses are highly valued components of preparing undergraduates to become biologists. We characterized the educational opportunities available to students in the biological sciences at colleges and universities within the eastern Great Lakes region and student perceptions of a variety of opportunities. We surveyed biology departments at 33 institutions to determine the availability of and participation in educational travel, internships, laboratories, skill development, and undergraduate research involvement. There was variation in the availability of internships, the types of skill development and educational travel offered, and the numbers of labs required in different biology curricula. Undergraduate research was offered at all institutions, and most research-active students presented results at least locally. Most colleges and universities offer a wide range of educational experiences and opportunities that complement traditional biology curricula and that are valued by students. Because fewer than half of the students took advantage of most of these experiences, schools still have the opportunity to increase their value in undergraduate education through increased student participation."""
NaN		1508	"Parker, M. G., et al. (2013). """"Recruiting the Next Generation of Nephrologists."""" Advances in Chronic Kidney Disease 20(4): 326-335."""""	" The nephrology physician workforce substantially expanded during the past decade, as did the number of fellowship training positions. However, the number of U.S. medical graduates choosing nephrology careers has declined precipitously. Although workforce diversity has improved, the gains are modest. Leadership in kidney disease research and innovation is threatened by significant disincentives to the pursuit of research track careers. Meanwhile, various factors challenge reliable predictions of physician workforce demand: marked growth of the CKD and ESRD populations, shifting health care economics and access, restricted opportunities for international medical graduates, expansion of advanced practitioner utilization, and aging of the contemporary practicing physician cohort. Changing demographics and cultural shifts, including perceptions of work-life balance and quality of life, increasingly influence medical student and resident career choices. Negative student and resident attitudes toward core nephrology educational experiences and perceptions of nephrology careers are disquieting. The American Society of Nephrology has initiated a series of programs aimed at renewing interest among students and residents in nephrology careers and research training and continuing to improve the diversity of the nephrology workforce, both critical to ensuring there will be enough nephrologists to care for a growing kidney disease population. (C) 2013 by the National Kidney Foundation, Inc. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1509	"Parks, R. L. and M. T. Holmes (2016). """"Registrars and Admission Officers: Build Undergraduate Research Experiences in Your Offices."""" College and University 91(1): 39-42."""""	" Having spent many years in registration and records, the authors of this article write that they often are struck by the number of higher education professionals with advanced degrees who choose not to contribute to the literature. Registrars and admissions officers know student data better than any others on campus. Often considered the hub of campus knowledge, they create hundreds of reports annually, meet with students to discuss a broad range of academic and policy related issues, teach classes, advise and recruit students. Not only do they have a responsibility to contribute to the literature, but they also have the potential to elevate faculty members' perceptions of their work, highlight the role of their offices in the scholarly literature, and provide a sense of professional and personal accomplishment as a result of conducting and publishing research. In a effort to find creative ways to engage student workers, the authors realized they were well positioned to help conduct higher education research. This article describes Elon University's effort to leverage student workers in the registrar's office to set new standards for student office workers that encouraged them to help develop new research ideas, write annotated bibliographies, utilize qualitative and quantitative methodologies, obtain Institutional Review Board approval, interview participants, and structure findings into publishable papers. Changing the job title of office workers to ""Student/Research Assistant"""" clarified that conducting research was an expectation for student employment in the office. To maximize the value of the students' research responsibilities, the office seeks to provide a variety of opportunities for student/research assistants' professional and personal growth. In the past two years, Elon students employed by the registrar's office have co-authored eleven peer-reviewed publications and multiple newsletter articles. They have also presented their work on campus and at various regional and national conferences."""""
NaN		1510	"Parra, K. J., et al. (2010). """"A Research-Based Laboratory Course Designed to Strengthen the Research-Teaching Nexus."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 38(3): 172-179."""""	" We describe a 10-week laboratory course of guided research experiments thematically linked by topic, which had an ultimate goal of strengthening the undergraduate research-teaching nexus. This undergraduate laboratory course is a direct extension of faculty research interests. From DNA isolation, characterization, and mutagenesis, to protein expression and structural analysis, the research protocols were adapted to suit the weekly 3-hour biochemistry course. The experiments described are flexible and hypothesis driven, allowing original research to be conducted. Students gain practice in some of the most common techniques used in biochemistry and molecular biology, including minipreps and DNA spectrophometric analysis, DNA restriction digestion and agarose gel electrophoresis, PCR mutagenesis, DNA sequencing analyses, ""E. coli"""" transformations, whole cell protein extractions, SDS-PAGE, immunoblots, molecular modeling, and bioinformatics. The studies that begun in the classroom were continued in the research laboratory by undergraduate students, and eventually, the results were published in peer reviewed research articles. This research-educational program effectively integrated basic research endeavors into the undergraduate curriculum. It proved to be synergistic by nature: research stimulated teaching and teaching supported research. In our experience, this is an effective mechanism to conduct productive research while satisfying teaching duties in undergraduate institutions, where scholarly research is expected but teaching is the primary mission. (Contains 5 figures and 2 tables.)"""""
NaN		1511	"Patel, N., et al. (2016). """"South African surgical registrar perceptions of the research project component of training: Hope for the future?"""" Samj South African Medical Journal 106(2): 169-171."""""	" Background. The Health Professions Council of South Africa requires that a research project be submitted and passed before registration as a specialist. Objective. To describe surgical registrars' perceptions of the compulsory research project. Method. Ethics clearance was received before commencing the study. A questionnaire was developed to collect feedback from surgical registrars throughout South Africa (SA). Completed questionnaires underwent descriptive analysis using MS Excel. Fisher's exact test and the X-2 test were used to compare perceptions of the research-experienced and research-naive groups. Results. All medical schools in SA were sampled, and 51.5% (124/241) of surgical registrars completed the questionnaire. Challenges facing registrars included, insufficient time (109/124), inadequate training in the research process (40/124), inadequate supervision (31/124), inadequate financial resources (25/124) and lack of research continuity (11/124). Of the registrars sampled, 67.7% (84/124) believed research to be a valuable component of training. An overwhelming percentage (93.5%, 116/124) proposed a dedicated research block of time as a potential solution to overcoming the challenges encountered. Further proposals included attending a course in research methodology (79/124), supervision by a faculty member with an MMed or higher postgraduate degree (73/124), and greater research exposure as an undergraduate (56/124). No statistically significant differences were found between the perceptions of the research experienced and research-naive groups. Conclusions. Challenges facing surgical registrars in their efforts to complete their research projects were identified and solutions to these problems proposed. It is heartening that respondents have suggested solutions to the problems they encounter, and view research as an important component of their careers."""
NaN		1512	"Patka, M., et al. (2016). """"Exit cards: Creating a dialogue for continuous evaluation."""" Teaching in Higher Education 21(6): 659-668."""""	" This study explored the use of Exit Cards, which are formative evaluations of student knowledge and instruction undertaken at every class meeting. Its results are based on Exit Card data from two undergraduate research methods courses. Thematic analysis indicated that students used Exit Cards to communicate (1) what they learned, (2) challenges with course material, (3) experiences with peers, (4) requests for help, (5) challenges with coping, and (6) successes. While the present study is an initial exploration of the use of Exit Cards, it contributes to knowledge on the utilization of informal formative assessments. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1513	"Paul, J., et al. (2016). """"Learning experimentation through science fairs."""" International Journal of Science Education 38(15): 2367-2387."""""	" Experiments are essential for both doing science and learning science. The aim of the German youth science fair, Jugend forscht, is to encourage scientific thinking and inquiry methods such as experimentation. Based on 57 interviews with participants of the competition, this study summarises students' conceptions and steps of learning about experimentation, taking into account age disparities. Five distinct subdomains of learning were identified in which learning processes may occur. These subdomains are procedure, purpose, material, control, and time. The three separate age groups used slightly different concepts but all the participants took the same or very similar steps of learning independent of their age. Two main reasons for conceptual developments could be detected: Firstly, the participating students had the opportunity to work using methodology similar to the commonly accepted scientific path of knowledge. Secondly, due to communication processes during the competition, a purposive reflection of their own project was promoted. With respect to different educational levels, experimentation proves to be a complex scientific framework that will be learnt step by step throughout students' education. We therefore argue for a stronger anchoring of research experiments embedded in open or authentic inquiry to be included in science lessons at school."""
NaN		1514	"Pea, C. H. (2012). """"Inquiry-Based Instruction: Does School Environmental Context Matter?"""" Science Educator 21(1): 37-43."""""	" In a larger study on teachers' beliefs about science teaching, one component looks at how school environmental context factors influence inquiry-based science instruction. Research shows that three broad categories of school environmental factors (human, sociocultural, design) impact inquiry-based teaching in some way. A mixed-method, sequential, explanatory design uncovers how school environmental context factors impact middle school science teachers' use of inquiry-based science instruction in the county where the study takes place. Ninety-one middle school science teachers participate in the study. Results show that few school environmental context factors impact teachers' ability to teach science using inquiry-based methods. (Contains 10 tables.)"""
NaN		1515	"Peach, C. and G. Scowcroft (2016). """"Broadening the Impact of Graduate Education in the Ocean Sciences."""" Oceanography 29(1): 60-66."""""	" Ocean sciences graduate students are embarking on an increasingly wide array of career pathways that require teaching and/or communication skills. Traditional graduate training currently does not provide many opportunities for students to gain these skills. Graduate education in ocean sciences should evolve to prepare students with not only research expertise, but also the broader skill set essential for success as a twenty-first century ocean scientist. Within academia, increased competition for limited positions is driving an expectation that competitive candidates will have demonstrated teaching experience or training. Outside of academia, communication and outreach skills are required for collaborating with nonscientists within industry or government, reaching out to stakeholders, and addressing policymakers. Creating graduate programs that effectively integrate research training with teaching and development of communications skills helps graduates compete in an evolving job market. Fortunately, much of the foundation for expanding graduate programs has been established through long-term, targeted investments by the National Science Foundation and other US federal agencies. Leveraging these investments, taking strategic actions at graduate training institutions, and collaborating across activities within the ocean sciences community can support a more multifaceted, integrated graduate education, providing the research, teaching, and communication skills necessary for meeting today's challenges."""
NaN		1516	Pearce, A. R., et al. (2010). ENHANCING FACULTY AND STUDENT EXPERIENCES IN NEUROSCIENCE AT A PREDOMINANTLY UNDERGRADUATE INSTITUTION.	" As interest in neuroscience education expands beyond top-tier research and medical universities towards predominantly undergraduate institutions (PUIs), neuroscience faculty need creative solutions and university commitments to provide effective educational experiences for undergraduates pursuing neuroscience. This chapter examines three considerations for enhancing undergraduate neuroscience experiences at Pins: integrating teaching and research, use of animals for undergraduate research experiences, and program support."""
NaN		1517	"Pedersen, C. L., et al. (2013). """"Organizing an undergraduate psychology conference: The successes and challenges of employing a student-led approach."""" Psychology Learning & Teaching 12(1): 83-91."""""	" Connecting Minds (CM) is a North American undergraduate research conference in psychology, hosted annually by Kwantlen Polytechnic University in British Columbia, Canada. However, CM is a conference with a twist: it is both student-focused and student-led. The organizing committee is comprised of both faculty and students working collaboratively. While prone to some unique challenges, this approach to conference organization has been exceedingly successful, both for the event and the individuals involved. The organization of CM provides an opportunity for faculty to take teaching out of the classroom, and for students to develop skills essential for success at the graduate level of their education or in employment settings. This article presents the challenges and benefits intrinsic to such a model from both a faculty and student perspective. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1519	"Pedrosa-de-Jesus, H. and M. Watts (2014). """"Managing affect in learners' questions in undergraduate science."""" Studies in Higher Education 39(1): 102-116."""""	" This article aims to position students' classroom questioning within the literature surrounding affect and its impact on learning. The article consists of two main sections. First, the act of questioning is discussed in order to highlight how affect shapes the process of questioning, and a four-part genesis to question-asking that we call CARE is described: the construction, asking, reception and evaluation of a learner's question. This work is contextualised through studies in science education and through our work with university students in undergraduate chemistry, although conducted in the firm belief that it has more general application. The second section focuses on teaching strategies to encourage and manage learners' questions, based here upon the conviction that university students in this case learn through questioning, and that an inquiry-based environment promotes better learning than a simple 'transmission' setting. Seven teaching strategies developed from the authors' work are described, where university teachers 'scaffold' learning through supporting learners' questions, and working with these to structure and organise the content and the shape of their teaching. The article concludes with a summary of the main issues, highlighting the impact of the affective dimension of learning through questioning, and a discussion of the implications for future research."""
NaN		1518	"Pedrosa-de-Jesus, H., et al. (2012). """"Contexts for Questioning: Two Zones of Teaching and Learning in Undergraduate Science."""" Higher Education: The International Journal of Higher Education and Educational Planning 64(4): 557-571."""""	" Higher education institutions are currently undertaking a challenging process in moving from teacher-orientated to student-focused approaches. Students' ability to asking questions is fundamental to developing critical reasoning, and to the process of scientific enquiry itself. Our premise is that questioning competences should become a central focus of current reforms in higher education. This study, part of a broader naturalistic research project, aims at developing a theoretical framework for conceptualizing different contexts for questioning, illustrating the application of the proposed framework (contextual questioning zones) and reflecting about some of the dimensions of teaching and learning, for overcoming some of the challenges that higher education institutions are facing presently. The discussion of two ""opposite"""" contexts of enquiry is based on qualitative data, gathered through close collaboration with four teachers of undergraduate biology at a Portuguese university. These teachers were observed during their """"daily activity"""" during an academic year. Data was also gathered by interviewing these teachers and 8 selected students, at the end of the year, and used to sustain the argumentation. The paper concludes with some reflections and suggestions to promote authentic enquiry-based learning experiences."""""
NaN		1520	"Peerschke, E. I. B., et al. (2007). """"Proposed research training guidelines for residents in laboratory medicine."""" Clinics in Laboratory Medicine 27(2): 241-+."""""	" It is expected that the role of the clinical pathologist will evolve from the more passive role of managing testing facilities to one of active service provider, using powerful molecular, cell biologic, and biochemical tools. The scope of knowledge required to be an effective physician scientist or an accomplished practicing clinical pathologist, however, cannot be acquired through clinical trainingalone and requires dedicated, structured research learning time. The goal of this article is to consider mechanisms that effectively integrate research training and scholarly activity into residency education in laboratory medicine/clinical pathology The proposed curricula are purposely unstructured to allow maximum flexibility for training programs to meet the needs and career goals of individual residents."""
NaN		1521	"Pegg, J. and E. Gummer (2010). """"The influence of a multidisciplinary scientific research experience on teachers Views of Nature of Science."""" The Mathematics Enthusiast 7(2-3): 447-460."""""	" This study examined a professional development project for K-12 science teachers that engaged participants in an authentic scientific investigation along with explicit-reflective attention to nature of science (NOS). The Views of Nature of Science (VNOS) and Views of Scientific Inquiry (VOSI) Questionnaires (Lederman, Abd-El-Khalick, Bell, & Schwartz, 2002  Schwartz, Lederman, & Thompson, 2001) were used to examine the relationship between teachers’ views of NOS and specific aspects of the professional development project. Results of the study show that teachers’ views of NOS were influenced by the multidisciplinary, primarily non-experimental research that they engaged in, the opportunity to observe interactions of scientists from different disciplines, and explicit classroom activities and discussions regarding NOS. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1522	"Peisner-Feinberg, E., et al. (2014). """"Using early care and education quality measures with dual language learners: A review of the research."""" Early Childhood Research Quarterly 29(4): 786-803."""""	" As the number of young dual language learners (DLLs) in early care and education (ECE) programs is increasing, it is critical to examine how well measures of the quality of practices in these settings reflect the needs of the diverse groups of children being served. This review of the research literature addressed these questions for ECE settings serving children birth-five: whether quality differs for settings serving high proportions of DLLs compared to typical samples, whether existing quality measures exhibit similar psychometric characteristics and associations with child outcomes in settings serving DLL and non-DLL children, and whether DLL-specific measures perform differently than general measures of quality. The search procedure produced 10 research studies that met the criteria for inclusion in the review out of approximately 3800 that were found initially and more than 300 that were reviewed. These studies included 10 out of 46 identified measures of ECE quality, including both general and DLL-specific measures. Findings suggested that widely used general ECE quality measures function similarly for DLLs compared to typical populations with regard to overall quality, psychometric characteristics, and child outcomes. Further research is needed to broaden the knowledge base for a wider variety of measures, beyond center-based settings, and beyond Spanish-speaking DLLs, as well as to enhance methodological approaches. There appear to be potential research opportunities through numerous existing studies that included DLL populations but had not analyzed their data in regard to these groups. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1523	"Pelaez, N., et al. (2015). """"A Vision for Change in Bioscience Education: Building on Knowledge from the Past."""" BioScience 65(1): 90-100."""""	" High-quality undergraduate education is central to the success of all life scientists. Several major bioscience educational issues are the targets of much debate, research, funding, publications, and reports (e.g., Vision and Change). Surprisingly, these issues are considered by modern bioscience instructors as unresolved, despite historical reports that claim the contrary. Here, we illustrate with evidence how, more than 50 years ago, Sam Postlethwait successfully instituted strategies to address several issues in plant biology education with his audio tutorials. These strategies succeeded in individualizing the instruction of students with diverse educational backgrounds in large classes, incorporating authentic and active learning, integrating lab and lectures to teach about research, developing science competencies, and advancing curriculum and faculty change informed by empirical data. We contend that modern educators could greatly benefit by building on the historical advancements of the past, to ensure that they do not waste their efforts reinventing the wheel."""
NaN		1524	"Pellicano, E., et al. (2014). """"What Should Autism Research Focus Upon? Community Views and Priorities from the United Kingdom."""" Autism: The International Journal of Research and Practice 18(7): 756-770."""""	" The rise in the measured prevalence of autism has been accompanied by much new research and research investment internationally. This study sought to establish whether the pattern of current UK autism research funding maps on to the concerns of the autism community. Interviews and focus groups were conducted with autistic adults, family members, practitioners and researchers to identify their priorities for research. We also captured the views of a large number of stakeholders via an online survey. There was a clear disparity between the United Kingdom's pattern of funding for autism research and the priorities articulated by the majority of participants. There was general consensus that future priorities for autism research should lie in those areas that make a difference to people's day-to-day lives. There needs to be greater involvement of the autism community both in priority setting and in research more broadly to ensure that resources reach where they are most needed and can make the most impact."""
NaN		1525	"Pennington, D. D. (2011). """"Collaborative, cross-disciplinary learning and co-emergent innovation in eScience teams."""" Earth Science Informatics 4(2): 55-68."""""	" Collaborative eScience research teams are impeded by difficulties defining problems that provide research opportunities for all participants. Problem formulation occurs early in the collaboration process when the demand for ideas is high. However, cross-disciplinary linkages and integrated conceptual frameworks from which strong interdisciplinary ideas emerge do not evolve until later. The process of co-creating interdisciplinary research ideas is fundamentally a learning problem  participants from different disciplines must learn enough about each other's research interests to construct an integrated conceptual framework from which joint problems of interest can be created. However, participants rarely have the conceptual background needed to easily understand research topics in other disciplines  hence methods for enabling rapid learning in these situations are needed. Team interactions that more effectively generate interdisciplinary ideas can be enabled based on a better understanding the process of cross-disciplinary, collaborative learning. This article postulates several models of collaborative learning in these settings and discusses the implications for orchestrating team activities to achieve better outcomes."""
NaN		1526	"Penttila, J., et al. (2016). """"A Structured Inquiry into a Digital Story: Students Report the Making of a Superball."""" International Journal of Mobile and Blended Learning 8(3): 19-34."""""	" Schools have been islands isolated from mobile technologies for a long time. In Finland, schools are investing in mobile technologies with the aim of providing a tablet for each student. This trend enables classes to adopt practices where students not only use ready-made learning materials but generate content as well. This paper aims to investigate student-generated digital stories as learning artefacts through a case example from two chemistry classes in a primary school. After introducing a method of creating digital stories from a structured inquiry, the paper presents an in-depth analysis of a specific type of story, its construction and conceptual learning outcomes related to the story's topic ( i. e., chemical reaction). The results indicate that storytelling based on a structured inquiry is suited for novice science learners. In the future, teaching visual communication skills and story scripting to students should be emphasised to make the stories more sophisticated."""
NaN		1527	"Perego, P., et al. (2016). """"A lot of icing but little cake? Taking integrated reporting forward."""" Journal of Cleaner Production 136: 53-64."""""	" Integrated reporting has fast emerged as a new accounting practice to help firms understand how they create value and be able to effectively communicate this to external stakeholders. While insightful experiences from the early-adopters of integrated reporting start to accumulate, the development of the field and how integrated reporting may be successfully implemented remains challenging and contested. Several issues are still controversial with no consensus reached on the central purpose about integrated reporting. This paper relies upon a qualitative approach to accomplish two objectives. First, we provide a review of the embryonic academic literature in the integrated reporting field in order to summarize extant knowledge. Second, in response to a gap in the literature on managerial perceptions concerning integrated reporting, we present the sensemaking approaches of three key experts impacting integrated reporting practices at the global level using semi-structured interviews. Our findings suggest that experts perceive the field to be fragmented and believe that most companies currently have weak understanding of the business value of integrated reporting. The experts give insights into how they perceive the field to be progressing despite challenges and on where they see improvements in the diffusion of practices in integrated reporting. Our study contributes to this special issue by reframing the existing implementation challenges of integrated reporting into promising and inclusive research opportunities that align the priorities of both academia and business. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1528	"Peres, F. and L. Claudio (2013). """"Fifteen Years of Occupational and Environmental Health Projects Support in Brazil, Chile, and Mexico: A Report From Mount Sinai School of Medicine ITREOH Program, 1995-2010."""" American Journal of Industrial Medicine 56(1): 29-37."""""	" Background The Fogarty International Center of the National Institutes of Health created the International Training and Research Program in Occupational and Environmental Health (ITREOH program) in 1995 with the aim to train environmental and occupational health scientists in developing countries. Mount Sinai School of Medicine was a grantee of this program since its inception, partnering with research institutions in Brazil, Chile, and Mexico. This article evaluates Mount Sinai's program in order to determine whether it has contributed to the specific research capacity needs of the international partners. Methods Information was obtained from: (a) international and regional scientific literature databases  (b) databases from the three participating countries  and (c) MSSM ITREOH Program Database. Results Most of the research projects supported by the program were consistent with the themes found to be top priorities for the partner countries based on mortality/morbidity and research themes in the literature. Indirect effects of the training and the subsequent research projects completed by the trained fellows in the program included health policy changes and development of collaborative international projects. Conclusion International research training programs, such as the MSSM ITREOH, that strengthen scientific research capacity in occupational and environmental health in Latin America can make a significant impact on the most pressing health issues in the partner countries. Am. J. Ind. Med. 56:29-37, 2013. (C) 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc."""
NaN		1529	"Perrault, A. M. (2007). """"An Exploratory Study of Biology Teachers' Online Information Seeking Practices."""" School Library Media Research 10: 39."""""	" This study reports on exploratory research that investigated biology teachers' perceptions of their online information seeking practices and how these practices influenced their instructional planning activities. Quantitative and qualitative analyses of the results of an online survey and ten in-depth interviews measuring use of specific online tools (i.e., search engines, specific Web sites, digital libraries, online periodical databases, and electronic discussion lists) were conducted. Key findings show that teachers are using a greater number and wider range of current and multimodal resources than pre-Internet and perceive this as an advantage in creating authentic, inquiry-based learning experiences. However, underuse of educational online resources specifically designed to support teaching and learning activities (e.g., digital libraries, online periodical databases, and electronic discussion lists) was evidenced. Four themes reflecting the consequences of teachers' information seeking practices emerged from the data analysis: Currency of Information  Sparking of Ideas and Gaining Personal Knowledge  Resource Management and the Role of Time  and Webs of Sharing. Each theme encompassed both the purposeful and the indirect actions by teachers to access knowledge and resources to refine and improve their instructional planning. Study findings have implications for informing the collaborative relationship between school library media specialists and teachers. (Contains 5 tables and 6 figures.)"""
NaN		1530	"Perreault, K., et al. (2009). """"Interdisciplinary primary health care research training through TUTOR-PHC: The insiders’ view."""" Journal of Interprofessional Care 23(4): 414-416."""""	" Recent policy initiatives in Canada have highlighted the lack of research capacity among most disciplines involved in primary health care, resulting in a majority of clinical and health services research being conducted in secondary and tertiary care centers. At the same time, interprofessional care is increasingly being seen as a preferred approach to address the complex and wide-ranging clinical problems evident in primary health care. Interdisciplinary research training has therefore been proposed as a way to ensure that research evidence can address the complex interplay between biomedical, psychosocial and organizational dimensions of primary health care. The goals of this paper are threefold: (i) to describe the Transdisciplinary Understanding and Training on Research in Primary Health Care (TUTOR-PHC) program, an interdisciplinary research training program  (ii) to identify content and process elements that were seen as key to its success  and (iii) to outline its influence on participants. As a cohort of trainees and mentor, we report on our experience of working together as an 'interdisciplinary research team' throughout the program. We hope this paper will contribute to the knowledge base and design of effective interdisciplinary research training programs in the future, by providing participants' views. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1531	"Perreault, M. M., et al. (2012). """"Canadian Survey of Critical Care Pharmacists' Views and Involvement in Clinical Research."""" Annals of Pharmacotherapy 46(9): 1167-1173."""""	" BACKGROUND: The involvement of Canadian critical care pharmacists in clinical research is not well documented. OBJECTIVE: To describe the clinical research experience of Canadian critical care pharmacists, describe their views about clinical research, and identify factors that facilitate their involvement in clinical research. METHODS: A cross-sectional electronic survey of Canadian critical care pharmacists was developed through an iterative process and conducted from July to October 2010. We invited 325 pharmacists from 129 hospitals across Canada to participate. Surveys with more than 30% of questions unanswered were discarded. RESULTS: Analyzable response rate was 66.2%. Overall, 33 pharmacists (15.7%) were highly involved in research, 54 (25.7%) were moderately involved, and 123 (58.6%) were minimally involved. Most respondents (97.2%) believed that critical care pharmacist involvement in research was desirable, and many (80.4%) expressed interest to be more involved in research. Nearly all respondents (99.5%) agreed that more support should be provided to pharmacists interested in conducting research. Pharmacists currently involved in research have obtained higher academic degrees (adjusted OR 11.23  p < 0.001), express a strong interest in research (adjusted OR 7.44  p < 0.001), report a higher level of training for involvement in research (adjusted OR 2.23  p = 0.047), and practice more often in a university hospital (adjusted OR 3.68  p = 0.004) within an intensive care unit where involvement in research is valued (adjusted OR 5.61  p < 0.001). Support from pharmacy departments is not related to involvement in research (adjusted OR 1.22  p = 0.633). CONCLUSIONS: Canadian critical care pharmacists are involved to varying degrees in clinical research and are very interested in initiating and supporting research activities. Opportunities are present but significant barriers exist. The value of pharmacist-initiated research needs recognition as a priority within hospital pharmacy administration."""
NaN		1532	"Peruta, M. R. D. (2008). """"Inside the """"Turris Eburnea"""": Entrepreneurial Scientists Emerging from Academic Hierarchies."""" Industry and Higher Education 22(6): 395-401."""""	" Why do inventors and top scientists from leading universities exploit their research results differently from others? Why do apparently similar laboratory experiences make ""academic entrepreneurs"""" achieve different entrepreneurial goals? Does the academic experience have an influence on the willingness to spin off? Or is that willingness simply driven by the possession of a particular scientific formula? The principal aim of this study is to answer these questions by examining the conditions under which academic scientists can commercialize their knowledge through an entrepreneurial development of their scientific results in the form of spin-off firms. (Contains 6 notes.)"""""
NaN		1533	"Peters-Burton, E. E., et al. (2015). """"The Effect of Cognitive Apprenticeship-Based Professional Development on Teacher Self-Efficacy of Science Teaching, Motivation, Knowledge Calibration, and Perceptions of Inquiry-Based Teaching."""" Journal of Science Teacher Education 26(6): 525-548."""""	" This study investigated the effects of a 1-year professional development (PD) based on a cognitive apprenticeship model of research experiences on inservice teacher self-efficacy of science teaching, motivation, knowledge calibration, and perceptions of inquiry of 19 secondary earth science and biology teachers. The PD facilitator, who serves a dual role as a scientist and teacher educator, utilized a cognitive apprenticeship model to shape both scientific thinking and inquiry instruction with 19 inservice teachers. Results indicated that inservice teachers changed their perceptions of inquiry and maintained high self-efficacy throughout all phases of the study. However, teachers refrained from making long-term changes in their cognitive strategy instruction. Implications provide a fuller picture of teacher learning during a RET program, supported with inquiry instruction and the implications of cognitive apprenticeships in offering authentic science research experiences with minimal laboratory resources."""
NaN		1534	"Peterson, C. A., et al. (2008). """"Short-term effectiveness of an outcomes research training curriculum within a coordinated program."""" Journal of the American Dietetic Association 108(1): 120-124."""""	" The fourth edition of the Commission on Accreditation for Dietetics Education Standards of Education mandated outcomes research training. Our objective was to determine the short-term effectiveness (<5 years) of the outcomes research training curriculum in the Coordinated Program in Dietetics (CP) at the University of Missouri-Columbia, which exceeds these minimum standards. Toward this end, a survey tool was administered to University of Missouri-Columbia CP graduates before the implementation of the fourth edition of Standards of Education and to University of Missouri-Columbia CP graduates with two semesters of outcomes research training  graduates of two other CPs from different universities from the same years were also surveyed. Graduates who went through CPs after implementation of the fourth edition of the Standards of Education showed notable improvement in attitudes, interest, and participation in most of the outcomes research skills queried, compared with those who completed their education under the earlier standards  knowledge was only slightly improved. Of these areas, only enhancements in attitudes and interest were consisiently more pronounced in food and nutrition professionals trained using the University of Missouri-Columbia's outcomes research curriculum compared with other CP graduates. Both the Commission on Accreditation for Dietetics Education and program directors can use the findings described herein to further assess and develop the research competencies and/or to strengthen their programs."""
NaN		1535	"Peterson, H. B., et al. (2011). """"Accelerating Science-Driven Solutions to Challenges in Global Reproductive Health A New Framework for Moving Forward."""" Obstetrics and Gynecology 117(3): 720-726."""""	" Recommendations shaping policies, programs, and practices in global health should be based on the best available science, but how best to achieve this objective is less clear. We describe a new approach developed by the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund/World Health Organization/World Bank Special Programme of Research, Development and Research Training in Human Reproduction within the World Health Organization Department of Reproductive Health and Research for addressing key challenges in global reproductive health. This approach leads to new recommendations for accelerating solutions to priority needs in the field and continued improvements in the science base-including the implementation science base-for meeting these needs. The key components of this new cycle for science-driven solutions include: 1) identifying priority needs of the field  2) creating guidance that meets the needs of the field  3) identifying research gaps and establishing and funding research priorities  4) research synthesis and updating of the guidance in a timely fashion  and 5) supporting utilization in countries through systematic introduction of science-driven solutions. There is a synergistic effect when the contributions of the individual components of this cycle are linked. Strong institutional support is required for this collective effort, as is the creation of a team of researchers, practitioners, donors, and implementing agencies with shared responsibilities for its success. This new approach has already made important contributions toward addressing key challenges in family planning and maternal and perinatal health. We believe that it will help bridge the gap between knowledge and action for reproductive health and for global health more broadly. (Obstet Gynecol 2011  117: 720-6) DOI: 10.1097/AOG.0b013e31820ce3e3"""
NaN		1536	"Pfefferbaum, B., et al. (2010). """"Building national capacity for child and family disaster mental health research."""" Professional Psychology: Research and Practice 41(1): 26-33."""""	" Disaster mental health is a burgeoning field with numerous opportunities for professional involvement in preparedness, response, and recovery efforts. Research is essential to advance professional understanding of risk and protective factors associated with disaster outcomes  to develop an evidence base for acute, intermediate, and long-term mental health approaches to address child, adult, family, and community disaster-related needs  and to inform policy and guide national and local disaster preparedness, response, and recovery programs. To address the continued need for research in this field, we created the Child and Family Disaster Research Training and Education (DRT) program, which is focused specifically on enhancing national capacity to conduct disaster mental health research related to children, a population particularly vulnerable to disaster trauma. This paper describes the structure and organization of the DRT program, reviews the training curriculum, discusses implementation and evaluation of the program, and reviews obstacles encountered in establishing the program. Finally, key lessons learned are reviewed for the purpose of guiding replication of the DRT model to address other areas of community mental health. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1537	"Pfeiffer, S. I., et al. (2010). """"The State of Science and Mathematics Education in State-Supported Residential Academies: A Nationwide Survey."""" Roeper Review 32(1): 25-31."""""	" The present article reports on a survey of the state of Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) education in state-supported residential academies nationwide. Sixteen state-supported residential academies completed a comprehensive survey. Findings indicate that the great majority of public residential academies nationwide view themselves as STEM academies. These unique, state-affiliated, residential academic-year programs, specifically designed for selected gifted high-school students, provide extensive and unique research opportunities. For example, 87.5% of the residential academies provide their students with access to outside labs/facilities to support research efforts. Equally noteworthy, 37.5% of the schools integrate STEM content into their humanities curriculum. One unanticipated finding was that only one third of the 16 state-supported residential academies offer advanced placement (AP) courses. Implications are provided for encouraging America's pool of academically gifted high-school students, particularly those with special aptitude and interest in the critical fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. (Contains 2 tables and 2 footnotes.)"""
NaN		1538	"Phillips, C. M. (2010). """"Students' Research Experiences during Consulting Projects: Three Themes Emerging from Case Studies."""" Behavioral & Social Sciences Librarian 29(2): 91-108."""""	" Student consulting projects, an advanced form of problem-based learning, allow students to apply the skills developed in their classes on behalf of client organizations. A review of selected case studies in business education and other management education literature shows that research is an integral part of this consulting process. More than that, the process of conducting research on behalf of a client exposes students to concepts of self-management, relationship management, and data management. With expert skills in conducting research and in developing information literacy instruction plans, librarians can lend structure to the unstructured research process in order to support the students as they evolve into self-managed, lifelong learners."""
NaN		1539	"Phillips, L. D., et al. (2013). """"Modelling the risk-benefit impact of H1N1 influenza vaccines."""" European Journal of Public Health 23(4): 674-678."""""	" Background: Shortly after the H1N1 influenza virus reached pandemic status in June 2009, the benefit-risk project team at the European Medicines Agency recognized this presented a research opportunity for testing the usefulness of a decision analysis model in deliberations about approving vaccines soon based on limited data or waiting for more data. Undertaken purely as a research exercise, the model was not connected to the ongoing assessment by the European Medicines Agency, which approved the H1N1 vaccines on 25 September 2009. Methods: A decision tree model constructed initially on 1 September 2009, and slightly revised subsequently as new data were obtained, represented an end-of-September or end-of-October approval of vaccines. The model showed combinations of uncertain events, the severity of the disease and the vaccines' efficacy and safety, leading to estimates of numbers of deaths and serious disabilities. The group based their probability assessments on available information and background knowledge about vaccines and similar pandemics in the past. Results: Weighting the numbers by their joint probabilities for all paths through the decision tree gave a weighted average for a September decision of 216 500 deaths and serious disabilities, and for a decision delayed to October of 291 547, showing that an early decision was preferable. Conclusions: The process of constructing the model facilitated communications among the group's members and led to new insights for several participants, while its robustness built confidence in the decision. These findings suggest that models might be helpful to regulators, as they form their preferences during the process of deliberation and debate, and more generally, for public health issues when decision makers face considerable uncertainty."""
NaN		1540	"Philogene, G. S. (2014). """"Foreword."""" Educational Gerontology 40(4): 241-241."""""	" Social work is one of the largest allied health professions in the United States, and it is one with significant clinical expertise and distinctive training and theoretical perspective. Clinical social workers form the core of the mental health workforce and are gaining increasing prominence in the management and discharge of hospitalized patients. However, the profession is still underrepresented in the research enterprise. Although there has been limited participation of doctorally-prepared social work faculty in aging-related research, they have the potential to contribute to the generation of new knowledge aimed at enhancing the wellbeing of older adults from varied backgrounds. As the editors have noted, this special edition has been designed to share the outcomes of the research training program with a national and international audience. It is believe that presenting evaluation data from the perspectives of the program creators, participants, and invited faculty will allow the readers to develop a good understanding of the research training program and its objectives, design, methods, and outcomes. Timely publication of the data in this special edition should inspire readers to initiate innovative training programs and new research activities related to aging. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1541	"Phitayakorn, R. and N. Lachman (2015). """"Getting back together after a break-up: Relationship advice for anatomists and surgeons."""" Clinical Anatomy 28(7): 931-934."""""	" The surgeon-anatomist was originally a single individual who self-pursued knowledge and understanding of anatomy as the foundation for successful surgical outcomes. However, recent advances in medical education have ironically led to the separation of anatomy and surgery. This physical and emotional divorce of anatomists and surgeons into separate individuals has created several critical educational issues for medical and surgical educators including a general lack of anatomical knowledge in medical students and misalignment of graduate medical education procedural specialty training with the Accreditation Council of Graduate Medical Education Core Competencies and now the Next Accreditation System. There are numerous opportunities for anatomists and surgeons to work together to improve educational instruction of established difficult anatomical regions, procedural training, or even develop new techniques and procedures. Similarly, anatomists with specialized training in medical education would be invaluable partners to ensure that procedural assessments align with instructional technologies for truly longitudinal curricula that starts at the medical student level, but stops at the patient outcomes of attending surgeons. This mutually beneficial relationship would be similar to multidisciplinary care teams and current surgeon and PhD/EdD partnerships. The restoration of the relationship between anatomists and surgeons would be invaluable to surgical education and remains an exciting research opportunity. Clin. Anat. 28:931-934, 2015. (c) 2015 Wiley Periodicals, Inc."""
NaN		1542	"Pickett, S. A., et al. (2010). """"Early outcomes and lessons learned from a study of the Building Recovery of Individual Dreams and Goals through Education and Support (BRIDGES) program in Tennessee."""" Psychiatric Rehabilitation Journal 34(2): 96-103."""""	" Objective: Peer-led education interventions have the potential to provide mental health consumers with the knowledge, skills and support they need to live successful and rewarding self-determined lives. However, few studies have explored whether and how these interventions enhance recovery. This study addresses this knowledge gap by examining changes among 160 participants in the Building Recovery of Individual Dreams and Goals (BRIDGES) education program. BRIDGES is a peer-led 8-week course taught by trained instructors who publicly disclose the fact that they are in recovery from mental illness. Method: Structured interviews assessing recovery outcomes were conducted with participants in the month prior to their receipt of BRIDGES, and immediately after receipt of the intervention. Paired t-tests were conducted to examine changes in psychiatric symptoms, hopefulness, social support, self-advocacy, empowerment, adaptive coping, and recovery pre-receipt and post-receipt of BRIDGES. Results: Post-receipt of BRIDGES, participants reported significantly fewer psychiatric symptoms, decreased use of maladaptive coping behaviors, and increased feelings of hopefulness, self-advocacy, empowerment, and recovery. Conclusions: These promising early results from our ongoing study of BRIDGES suggest that peer-led education interventions are a valuable resource. Additional research is needed to better understand the effectiveness of these interventions, including potential long-term post-program participation benefits. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1543	"Pierrakos, O., et al. (2010). """"Understanding Undergraduate Research Experiences through the Lens of Problem-Based Learning: Implications for Curriculum Translation."""" Interdisciplinary Journal of Problem-based Learning 4(2): 35-62."""""	" There has been criticism about STEM education not focusing enough on problem solving, especially in authentic real-world contexts which are most often associated to ill-structured domains. To improve education, it is essential that curricula bring students to high levels of cognitive development by exposing them to authentic problems. Problem-based learning (PBL) is a student-centered pedagogy that offers a strong framework upon which to build a curriculum to teach students essential problem solving skills. An authentic problem solving experience, which is highly valued and promoted outside of the classroom, yet almost non-existent in the classroom is undergraduate research (UR). Herein, the goal was to understand the nature of UR problems and what students learn during these experiences as a means of translating UR problems and experiences into the classroom using PBL methodologies. Using survey design, data was collected from sixty students participating in summer undergraduate research experiences. Our findings revealed UR problems to be well-suited for PBL implementation in the classroom since they are moderately structured and fairly complex because they require students to use many cognitive operations, to integrate multiple domains (knowledge, skills, and attitudes), to work on interdisciplinary teams, to deal with a continuously changing environment."""
NaN		1544	"Pighills, A. C., et al. (2013). """"Positioning occupational therapy as a discipline on the research continuum: Results of a cross-sectional survey of research experience."""" Australian Occupational Therapy Journal 60(4): 241-251."""""	" Background/aim: Evidence‐based practice and research are beginning and endpoints on a research continuum. Progression along the continuum builds research capacity. Occupational Therapy has a low evidence base, thus, clinicians are not implementing evidence‐based practice or publishing research. Barriers to implementing evidence‐based practice and engaging in research include a lack of confidence. This research gauged Occupational Therapists' research experience, support needs and barriers, and compared levels of research anxiety between allied health disciplines. Methods: A cross‐sectional survey was sent to Health Practitioners in northern Queensland in May–June 2011. Responses about experience, support needs and barriers, between Occupational Therapists, were analysed using Chi‐square ‘goodness of fit’ tests. Multivariate analysis compared responses between disciplines about research anxiety. This paper reports results for the subset of Occupational Therapists. Results: The whole population, consisting of 152 Occupational Therapists, was sent a questionnaire, from which 86 responded. More Occupational Therapists than not had experience of evidence‐based practice and less support was required, but they had little experience of producing research and required more support. The amount of support required for activities along the research continuum was inversely related to the level of experience in these tasks. Barriers included lack of staff and time. Occupational Therapists were more anxious about research (53 of 79, 67%) than all other Health Practitioner disciplines combined (170 of 438, 39%, P < 0.0001). Conclusion: A cohesive strategy should focus on consolidating Occupational Therapists' evidence‐based practice skills and building confidence. Clinicians wishing to engage in research need access to academic support. Academics and clinicians should work closely to produce clinically relevant research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1545	"Pilkington, R. (2010). """"Review of Developing undergraduate research and inquiry."""" Innovations in Education and Teaching International 47(2): 247-248."""""	" Reviews the book, Developing undergraduate research and inquiry by M. Healey & A. Jenkins (2009). Healey and Jenkins have provided a comprehensive review of good practice in the field of undergraduate research. In doing so, they place the idea of students as ‘active stakeholders in a research community’ at the center of the higher education (HE) curriculum. This is a significant step within the HE movement to engage students more actively in their learning, as co-creators in the knowledge production process, and as critical members of both the academic and discipline community. The book does contain some frustrations, however. I found the pale blue text used by the publishers for diagrams and titles difficult to read and the structure was not immediately accessible. Whilst it was clear how the case studies and chapters related to each other with careful reading, those searching for a quickly accessible answer to particular questions could find the contents page and structure confusing. The strength of the case studies and interventions within the book came across more clearly at local and course level where the case studies and examples appeared to offer immediate and achievable impact, and indeed learning value. The larger issue of policy, whilst far-reaching and a desirable goal, remained open. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1546	"Piper, J. K. and D. Krehbiel (2015). """"STEM Learning Community: An Interdisciplinary Seminar for First- and Second-Year College Science Majors."""" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 16(4): 36-43."""""	" To attract and retain more academically qualified students to science and mathematics, we developed a merit-based scholarship program for incoming students with STEM interests. Scholarship recipients participate for the first two years in an interdisciplinary learning community and declare a STEM major by the sophomore year. STEM Learning Community (SLC), a year-long course initiated in fall 2009, has become a permanent part of the College curriculum. Content consists of weekly meetings for discussions and presentations on such topics as scientific ethics, relationships between science and technology, the nature and history of science, and the interplay between scientific discovery and societal development. A major component are group research projects conducted during the school year and presented at our annual undergraduate research symposium. In addition, we provide career counseling, visits and presentations by STEM professionals, and internship opportunities. Students report that they are developing such valuable skills as problem solving ability, communication skills, collaboration, and knowledge of the research process. Enrollment and graduation data show that numbers of participants, especially women and minority students, increased following the inception of the SLC. The results suggest that targeted scholarships combined with engagement in collaborative undergraduate research are a useful tool for enhancing STEM recruitment and persistence. [Cover title varies: ""Increasing STEM Enrollment Using Targeted Scholarships and an Interdisciplinary Seminar for First- and Second-Year College Students.""""]"""""
NaN		1547	"Pittaway, L. (2009). """"The Role of Inquiry-Based Learning in Entrepreneurship Education."""" Industry and Higher Education 23(3): 153-162."""""	" This paper introduces a course design that used history and inquiry-based learning to develop science students' understanding of invention, innovation and commercialization processes. First, it explains inquiry-based learning and then introduces a sample course design, explaining the rationale, structure and process. Following on from this introduction, a student case study on the development of Taxol is used to show how inquiry-based learning can enhance science students' understanding of entrepreneurial processes. The case study provides an illustration of the forms of knowledge gained through the use of inquiry-based learning. The paper concludes by highlighting the benefits and challenges of this type of course for the students and pointing out how such a course can provide a different approach for entrepreneurship education targeted at science and engineering students. (Contains 2 notes and 2 figures.)"""
NaN		1548	"Pittendrigh, A. (2007). """"Reinventing the Core: Community, Dialogue, and Change."""" Journal of General Education 56(1): 34-56."""""	" This article examines a six-year process of reforming the core curriculum at a midsize public research university, showing how a seminar for first-year students, a lengthy campus-wide dialogue, and a multidisciplinary community of faculty produced a new core curriculum focused on inquiry, communication, and undergraduate research. (Contains 1 table.)"""
NaN		1549	"Piyayodilokchai, H., et al. (2013). """"A 5E Learning Cycle Approach-Based, Multimedia-Supplemented Instructional Unit for Structured Query Language."""" Educational Technology & Society 16(4): 146-159."""""	" With the benefit of multimedia and the learning cycle approach in promoting effective active learning, this paper proposed a learning cycle approach-based, multimedia-supplemented instructional unit for Structured Query Language (SQL) for second-year undergraduate students with the aim of enhancing their basic knowledge of SQL and ability to apply SQL to a database. The students were engaged into the learning unit by using the designed multimedia, were asked to explore SQL syntax errors using a game in the developed instructional multimedia and to share and discuss the cause(s) of the SQL syntax error(s) with the class. They then constructed, practiced, and applied SQL commands, and evaluated their own understanding using the multimedia. Research data were collected through an SQL achievement test, small projects, and a questionnaire. The results showed that the students who participated in this developed instructional unit had better ability to apply SQL to a database compared to other groups of students."""
NaN		1550	"Ploeg, J., et al. (2008). """"Evaluation of a research mentorship program in community care."""" Evaluation and Program Planning 31(1): 22-33."""""	" This article describes the results of a qualitative case study evaluating a research mentorship program in community care settings in Ontario, Canada. The purpose of the program was to build evaluation and research capacity among staff of community care agencies through a mentorship program. Data were collected through in-depth, semi-structured interviews, focus group interviews, and written evaluations. Three themes were identified: taking hold, fostering hold, and holding on. Mentees took hold of new evaluation and research skills. Factors fostering hold included positive mentoring relationships and participation in relevant research projects. Mentees struggled to hold on to, and apply their skills within a community care context of challenges such as constrained resources and a mandate to provide client-centered care. The lessons learned include having trainees participate in relevant, time-limited evaluation and research projects, and early implementation of mechanisms to sustain integration of trainees' knowledge and skills within community care agencies. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1551	"Plummer, R., et al. (2013). """"Adaptive Comanagement and Its Relationship to Environmental Governance."""" Ecology and Society 18(1)."""""	" We provide a systematic review of the adaptive comanagement (ACM) literature to (i) investigate how the concept of governance is considered and (ii) examine what insights ACM offers with reference to six key concerns in environmental governance literature: accountability and legitimacy  actors and roles  fit, interplay, and scale  adaptiveness, flexibility, and learning  evaluation and monitoring  and, knowledge. Findings from the systematic review uncover a complicated relationship with evidence of conceptual closeness as well as relational ambiguities. The findings also reveal several specific contributions from the ACM literature to each of the six key environmental governance concerns, including applied strategies for sharing power and responsibility and value of systems approaches in understanding problems of fit. More broadly, the research suggests a dissolving or fuzzy boundary between ACM and governance, with implications for understanding emerging approaches to navigate social-ecological system change. Future research opportunities may be found at the confluence of ACM and environmental governance scholarship, such as identifying ways to build adaptive capacity and encouraging the development of more flexible governance arrangements."""
NaN		1552	"P'ng, C., et al. (2012). """"Excellence in Radiation Research for the 21st Century (EIRR21): Description of an Innovative Research Training Program."""" International Journal of Radiation Oncology Biology Physics 83(5): E563-E570."""""	" Purpose: To describe and assess an interdisciplinary research training program for graduate students, postdoctoral fellows, and clinical fellows focused on radiation medicine "" funded by the Canadian Institutes for Health Research since 2003, the program entitled """"Excellence in Radiation Research for the 21st Century"""" (EIRR21) aims to train the next generation of inter-disciplinary radiation medicine researchers. Methods and Materials: Online surveys evaluating EIRR21 were sent to trainees (n=56), mentors (n=36), and seminar speakers (n=72). Face-to-face interviews were also conducted for trainee liaisons (n=4) and participants in the international exchange program (n=2). Results: Overall response rates ranged from 53% (mentors) to 91% (trainees). EIRR21 was well received by trainees, with the acquisition of several important skills related to their research endeavors. An innovative seminar series, entitled Brainstorm sessions, imparting """"extracurricular"""" knowledge in intellectual property protection, commercialization strategies, and effective communication, was considered to be the most valuable component of the program. Networking with researchers in other disciplines was also facilitated owing to program participation. Conclusions: EIRR21 is an innovative training program that positively impacts the biomedical community and imparts valuable skill sets to foster success for the future generation of radiation medicine researchers. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc."""""
NaN		1553	"Podolak, R. K. and J. M. Walters (2016). """"High School Student Physics Research Experience Yields Positive Results."""" Physics Education 51(2): 5."""""	" All high school students that wish to continue onto college are seeking opportunities to be competitive in the college market. They participate in extra-curricular activities which are seen to foster creativity and the skills necessary to do well in the college environment. In the case of students with an interest in physics, participating in a small scale research project while in high school gives them the hands on experience and ultimately prepares them more for the college experience. SUNY Plattsburgh's Physics department started a five-week summer program for high school students in 2012. This program has proved not only beneficial for students while in the program, but also as they continue on in their development as scientists/engineers. Independent research, such as that offered by SUNY Plattsburgh's five-week summer program, offers students a feel and taste of the culture of doing research, and life as a scientist. It is a short-term, risk free way to investigate whether a career in research or a particular scientific field is a good fit."""
NaN		1554	"Podoll, A., et al. (2008). """"Networking Antarctic Research Discoveries to a Science Classroom."""" Science Scope 32(2): 30-33."""""	" In 2006, a unique scenario transported eighth-grade Earth science students from the classroom into the cold, dry, pristine surroundings of Antarctica. The mission was to expose the students to hands-on science using satellite telephones, Contact 3.0 software, and some very creative improvisation. In addition, a detailed, well-illustrated blog allowed students to follow along interactively with a research team from the local university conducting research in the western Dry Valleys of the Transantarctic Mountains. Two explicit goals of the project were to (1) promote inquiry-based learning in the classroom and (2) enhance creative thinking and problem-solving skills in the classroom. (Contains 1 figure and 2 online resources.)"""
NaN		1555	"Poitras, E. G. and S. P. Lajoie (2014). """"Developing an Agent-Based Adaptive System for Scaffolding Self-Regulated Inquiry Learning in History Education."""" Educational Technology Research and Development 62(3): 335-366."""""	" This article presents a methodology for modelling the development of self-regulated learning skills in the context of computer-based learning environments using a combination of tracing techniques. The user-modelling techniques combine statistical and computational approaches to assess skill acquisition, practice, and refinement with the MetaHistoReasoning tool, a single-agent system that supports inquiry-based learning in the domain of history. Data were collected from twenty-two undergraduate students during a 4-h session where user interactions were logged by the system. A logistic regression model predicted user performance in relation to a skill categorization task with 75% accuracy. The manner in which users apply the skills that are acquired is then assessed through a rule-based reasoning system that allows the pedagogical agent to adapt instruction. The results show that the model allows the agent to detect instances when skills are inappropriately applied as well as what type of goal that is pursued by students. We discuss the implications of these user-modelling techniques in terms of sequencing instructional content and using the tutoring agent to deliver several types of discourse moves in order to enhance learning."""
NaN		1556	"Poland, F. M., et al. (2013). """"Lifestyles management and community engagement in scoping a 'health café.'."""" Health Education 113(6): 517-535."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to underpin a scoping study commissioned by community leaders to assess the potential for creating a 'health café' in the centre of Boston, in eastern England, UK, to facilitate healthier lifestyles. Design/methodology/approach: A mixed methods and framework analytic approach was adopted, using documentary, focus group, interview and survey data. The paper drew on social marketing principles to enhance the community relevance of findings. Findings: Community stakeholders and public were generally supportive of a 'health café' facility in the town centre. Accessibility and a welcoming environment were seen as key factors. A wide range of health-related services in addition to providing healthy foods were proposed. Key issues identified were: a wider role of the facility as a community 'health hub'  appropriate marketing approaches  food provision issues and sustainability. All groups contacted saw the word 'health' as off-putting. Research limitations/implications: As with many commissioned scoping studies, the timetable for delivery was very short, just three months, significantly influencing the choices of methodological approaches taken up. This made it important to provide a multi-disciplinary multi-methods design to enhance triangulation and a research team with extensive community research experience including previous research in this region. It was also important to specify and locate any knowledge claims from the findings. Practical implications: The research helped engage community stakeholders to tap a diversity of views which could be adopted by community leaders into their ongoing health strategies and development plans for a 'health hub' for Boston. Originality/value: The paper provides important information for those embarking on community health education projects and particularly in how to tailor health research methods to real-world timescales and stakeholder perspectives. Insights are also provided into community attitudes, understandings and behaviours towards healthy living in a part of the UK with a well-documented history of poor health. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1557	"Polkinghorne, S. and S. Wilton (2010). """"Research is a Verb: Exploring a New Information Literacy-Embedded Undergraduate Research Methods Course."""" Canadian Journal of Information and Library Science-Revue Canadienne Des Sciences De L Information Et De Bibliotheconomie 34(4): 457-473."""""	" This paper introduces a potential solution to widespread and long-standing concerns about undergraduates' research, writing, and critical thinking skills: a new activity-based, discipline-specific research methods course. This paper details the course's design and explores its effectiveness by examining data collected within an action research framework, including student-skills resumes and semi-structured post-course interviews. This paper highlights findings of particular interest to the library and information science audience, which include student perception of information literacy, faculty librarian collaboration, information-skills resumes, the relationship between skills and confidence, and the students' normative understanding of a ""typical"""" undergraduate learning experience."""""
NaN		1558	"Poloyac, S. M., et al. (2011). """"Core Competencies for Research Training in the Clinical Pharmaceutical Sciences."""" American Journal of Pharmaceutical Education 75(2)."""""	" Objective. To identify and apply core competencies for training students enrolled in the clinical pharmaceutical scientist PhD training program at the University of Pittsburgh School of Pharmacy. Design. Faculty members reached consensus on the required core competencies for the program and mapped them to curricular and experiential requirements. Assessment. A rubric was created based on core competencies spanning 8 major categories of proficiency, and competencies of clinical versus traditional PhD training were delineated. A retrospective evaluation of the written comprehensive examinations of 12 former students was conducted using the rubric. Students scored above satisfactory in 11 out of 14 comprehensive examination metrics, with a mean score greater than 3.8 on a 5-point scale. Conclusions. The core competencies identified will provide an essential foundation for informed decision-making and assessment of PhD training in the clinical pharmaceutical sciences."""
NaN		1559	"Poms, R., et al. (2009). """"MoniQA(Monitoring and Quality Assurance): an EU-funded Network of Excellence working towards the harmonization of worldwide food quality and safety monitoring and control strategies-status report 2008."""" Quality Assurance and Safety of Crops & Foods 1(1): 9-22."""""	" MoniQA (Monitoring and Quality Assurance in the total food supply chain) is an EU-funded Network of Excellence that involves experts from around the globe collaborating to harmonize worldwide food quality and safety monitoring and control strategies. The initial network of over 155 scientists from 20 countries has grown to over 400 experts from over 35 countries from five continents in the first 18 months. MoniQA focuses on validation of and performance criteria/requirements for methods used to analyse foods and food products for safety and quality, with the main focus being on rapid methods and their applicability and reliability in routine testing. The work involves validation guidelines, validation studies, design and development of reference materials/testing materials and validation guidelines. MoniQA will play an important role in integrating European and worldwide food quality and safety research by creating a virtual laboratory for joint research, training, dissemination and mobility programmes. It will allow and actively promote sharing of data and knowledge, as well as of equipment, materials and personnel through creation of a global platform for food Q&S researchers. MoniQA will enable shared access to the world's best research facilities, technological platforms, databases, analytical tools and knowledge. MoniQA's harmonized food quality and safety control strategies will add value in the food chain and will improve consumer confidence worldwide. MoniQA's socio-economic impact assessment will enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of new food quality and safety regulations within the EU and worldwide."""
NaN		1560	"Ponte, P. R., et al. (2015). """"A new model for postdoctoral training: The Nursing Postdoctoral Program in Cancer and Health Disparities."""" Nursing Outlook 63(2): 189-203."""""	" The University of Massachusetts Boston and Dana-Farber/Harvard Cancer Center joined forces in 2009 to create a Postdoctoral Nursing Research Fellowship in Cancer and Health Disparities. In combining the resources of a large university and a research-intensive service institution, the postdoctoral program provides a new model for preparing nurse scientists to conduct independent research that advances nursing knowledge and interdisciplinary understanding of complex health issues. The multifaceted program consists of educational programming, research training, and career planning components. Additionally, each fellow is assigned a nurse scientist mentor and interdisciplinary co-mentor. The mentors support the fellows with scholarly activities and research training and help the fellows craft individualized career plans, including proposals for postfellowship career development research. In this article, the postdoctoral program leaders describe the program structure, strategies used to recruit minority and nonminority candidates, and data describing program outcomes and share lessons learned and recommendations for organizations that may be interested in establishing similar postdoctoral fellowships at their institutions."""
NaN		1561	"Pontrello, J. K. (2015). """"Metalloprotease Peptide Inhibitors: A Semester-Long Organic Synthetic Research Project for the Introductory Laboratory Course."""" Journal of Chemical Education 92(5): 811-818."""""	" A semester-long research project to synthesize unique compounds designed after published metalloprotease peptide inhibitors is presented. The research project encompasses a set of nine organic chemistry reactions traditionally taught in the second semester lab course, and the procedures are derived from scientific literature. The two principle goals of the course design are (1) to enhance student interest through the scientific applications of the research project and (2) to introduce students to a synthetic organic chemistry research experience to develop skills needed in this area. In addition to the exploratory synthesis of novel compounds, students read background review articles about metalloprotease inhibitors. The design of the project provides opportunity for collaboration over multiple years, between different courses within the university, and among different schools."""
NaN		1562	"Pook, G. (2013). """"Primary Science Education in China."""" Primary Science(130): 26-28."""""	" Consider the extent to which primary science teaching has evolved since it became a core subject in England with the introduction of the National Curriculum in 1988, and the pace at which theory-driven classroom practice has advanced. It is no wonder that, given the recent economic restructuring and boom in technological development in China, great changes are also afoot in the way science is taught in Chinese classrooms. In November 2012 Joy Parvin and article author Gayle Pook, from CIEC Promoting Science, were privileged to visit the South East University (SEU) in Nanjing to deliver a three-day workshop sharing primary science teaching and learning strategies routinely used in many classrooms in the UK. Most of the strategies use resources that develop enquiry in industry-based contexts, which is the focus of CIEC Promoting Science. The opportunity came by invitation of Handsbrain Education--Jiangsu Province, which is supported and funded by the Chinese government, SEU, and other Chinese education foundations. As a non-profit making training institute, it is devoted to teachers' professional development and the sharing of leading science education ideas from around the world. The ""Learning by Doing"""" curriculum, drafted in 2006, plays a big part in the science education reform. Traditionally, science teaching in China is not enquiry based, but focuses on the use of textbooks and rote learning. Science has not been thought to be as important as the teaching of English, maths, and Chinese. It is not a core curriculum subject and it is not unusual for a scheduled science lesson to be hijacked for extra maths. In spite of this, reactive- and enquiry-based teaching is becoming more commonplace, although there is still much to do to provide teachers with the relevant skills. The reform programme is working to provide the appropriate professional development, drawing upon international best practice, to ensure that the change will be appropriate, and current, in the markets where China is now engaging. In this article, Pook describes the Learning by Doing initiative and the impact it had on her three-day workshop."""""
NaN		1563	"Poole, G., et al. (2009). """"Innovation in collaborative health research training: The role of active learning."""" Journal of Interprofessional Care 23(2): 148-155."""""	" This paper describes and discusses the essential pedagogical elements of the Partnering in Community Health Research (PCHR) program, which was designed to address the training needs of researchers who participate in collaborative, interdisciplinary health research. These elements were intended to foster specific skills that helped learners develop research partnerships featuring knowledge, capabilities, values and attitudes needed for successful research projects. By establishing research teams called 'clusters', PCHR provided research training and experience for graduate students and post-doctoral fellows, as well as for community health workers and professionals. Pedagogical elements relied on active learning approaches such as inquiry-based and experience-based learning. Links between these elements and learning approaches are explained. Through their work in cluster-based applied research projects, the development of learning plans, and cross-cluster learning events, trainees acquired collaborative research competencies that were valuable, relevant and theoretically informed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1564	"Pop, M. M., et al. (2010). """"Research Experiences for Teachers (RET): Motivation, Expectations, and Changes to Teaching Practices Due to Professional Program Involvement."""" Journal of Science Teacher Education 21(2): 127-147."""""	" This study investigated teachers' motivation, expectations, and changes to teaching practices due to a 6 week summer professional development program involvement. Participants (n = 67) attended the Research Experiences for Teachers (RET) program within a major university in southeast. Surveys and interviews were used to collect data to answer the following research questions: (1) Who attends the RET program? (2) In what ways do elementary teachers differ from middle/secondary teachers with respect to their motivation for attending the RET program and their expectations about the program? (3) In what ways do elementary teachers differ from middle/secondary teachers with respect to implementing changes to their teaching practices due to RET program attendance? Survey results indicated significant differences between elementary teachers and secondary education teachers with respect to their expectations about the program, and changes to their teaching practices. Interview results provided support to survey findings. Implications for professional development and science teacher education are discussed in relationship with the current study findings."""
NaN		1565	"Pope, W. H., et al. (2011). """"Expanding the Diversity of Mycobacteriophages: Insights into Genome Architecture and Evolution."""" Plos One 6(1)."""""	" Mycobacteriophages are viruses that infect mycobacterial hosts such as Mycobacterium smegmatis and Mycobacterium tuberculosis. All mycobacteriophages characterized to date are dsDNA tailed phages, and have either siphoviral or myoviral morphotypes. However, their genetic diversity is considerable, and although sixty-two genomes have been sequenced and comparatively analyzed, these likely represent only a small portion of the diversity of the mycobacteriophage population at large. Here we report the isolation, sequencing and comparative genomic analysis of 18 new mycobacteriophages isolated from geographically distinct locations within the United States. Although no clear correlation between location and genome type can be discerned, these genomes expand our knowledge of mycobacteriophage diversity and enhance our understanding of the roles of mobile elements in viral evolution. Expansion of the number of mycobacteriophages grouped within Cluster A provides insights into the basis of immune specificity in these temperate phages, and we also describe a novel example of apparent immunity theft. The isolation and genomic analysis of bacteriophages by freshman college students provides an example of an authentic research experience for novice scientists."""
NaN		1566	"Porter, K., et al. (2011). """"The Art and Science of Notebooks."""" Science and Children 49(2): 42-46."""""	" Along with inquiry-based teaching, exploring the elements of art can guide students to view and represent objects realistically. Understanding line, shape, color, value, form, space, and texture helps bridge the gap between what students actually observe and what their preconceived ideas about the object may be. This type of explicit instruction prevents misconceptions. If teaching science process skills through an art venue presents a challenge, try collaborating with an art teacher or with other colleagues to introduce the art element activities. With the focus on language arts and math, elementary students have had little art instruction, so this is an appropriate lesson for elementary students of any age. In order to develop observational skills and perspective, it is imperative for children to understand art elements. Furthermore, facilitating a connection between science, art, and the familiar environment will enhance and strengthen children's learning. (Contains 4 figures.)"""
NaN		1567	"Posporelis, S., et al. (2014). """"Promoting careers in academic research to psychiatry residents."""" Academic Psychiatry 38(2): 185-190."""""	" Objective: With the shift of interest in psychiatry towards patient-oriented research with clinically relevant outcomes, there is a critical need for well-trained psychiatrist–scientists. The authors report on two developmentally tailored, longitudinal research training curricula designed to use peer mentoring to bridge the gap between physicians and scientists and to promote careers in academic research. Methods: The authors instituted two independent research training curricula, one for first-year and one for second-to-fourth-year psychiatry residents, spanning two campuses of one institutional residency training program. Each curriculum’s participants included psychiatry residents and peer scientific investigators, and both were attended by senior scientists and departmental leaders. The authors developed and administered an anonymous survey at the end of the first cycle of the first-year resident curriculum to assess participant attitudes. Results: The first-year and second-to-fourth-year resident curricula have been implemented for 3 and 2 years, respectively. The authors observed overall participant satisfaction with the first-year curricula, independent of trainee status. Furthermore, first-year psychiatry residents reported increased interest in academic research careers after exposure to the curricula. Conclusions: Results suggest that it is possible to encourage academic research careers using peer mentoring, an innovative approach that requires minimal funding, causes little disruption to the residents’ schedule and engages the gamut of individuals involved in psychiatry care and research: psychiatrists-in-training and young non-clinician scientists-in-training. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1568	"Postma, J. (2008). """"Elucidating empowerment in El Proyecto Bienestar (the Well-Being Project)."""" Journal of Advanced Nursing 62(4): 441-450."""""	" Aim: This paper describes differences in how socioculturally diverse participants in one community-based participatory research project negotiated 'empowerment', and the implications of those differences for nurses involved in farmworker health and safety efforts. Background: Internationally, empowerment and community participation are increasingly being used as strategies to reduce health disparities. Theories of empowerment vary in the academic literature and their connotations vary across cultures. Method: Study participants were part of El Proyecto Bienestar, a community-based participatory research (CBPR) project whose aim was to identify and respond to occupational and environmental health threats in one Mexican-American farmworker community in the United States of America. Participant observation was used to audiorecord 18 participants in the third year (2006) of this 4-year project discussing future project activities. Discourse analysis was used to analyse the transcripts. Results: While participants agreed that 'empowerment' was central to the project, they had different perspectives on what the term meant and the role that the project should play in empowering the farmworker community. Empowerment discourses positioned the project in three ways: (1) as an instrument used to strengthen farmworkers' collective political voice, (2) as an instrument used to represent multiple community interests and (3) as an instrument used to advocate on behalf of farmworkers. Individuals used multiple discourses signifying the complexity in participants' roles and obligations. Conclusions: Balancing power and developing knowledge collaboratively requires understanding multiple approaches to empowerment. Community empowerment as an outcome should not come at the expense of individual empowerment as part of the CBPR process. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1569	Poteau, C. E. (2015). CLASSROOM WITHOUT WALLS: INQUIRY-BASED PEDAGOGIES AND INTERCULTURAL COMPETENCE DEVELOPMENT VIA SERVICE-LEARNING. Inquiry-Based Learning for Multidisciplinary Programs: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 3: 377-394.	" This chapter begins with an overview of the concept of intercultural competence and its fundamental role in our global society. Using examples of inquiry-based learning (IBL) methods as a means to provide interdisciplinary pedagogies that foster learners' intercultural competence development, this chapter examines innovative approaches to respond to this global community need in the academic context. With a review of interdisciplinary IBL methods, the chapter centers on the following three principal areas: (1) role of IBL and service-learning (SL) in the development of intercultural competence within an interdisciplinary framework, (2) practical examples of how the author implements IBL using cooperative learning strategies and SL into humanities courses that consist of students from various disciplines ranging from health to political sciences for intercultural competence development, and (3) challenges and benefits of SL programs as forms of IBL."""
NaN		1571	"Potter, S. J., et al. (2009). """"Mentoring Undergraduate Researchers: Faculty Mentors' Perceptions of the Challenges and Benefits of the Research Relationship."""" Journal of College Teaching & Learning 6(6): 17-30."""""	" In the past decade, college and university officials have tried to formalize avenues that provide undergraduate students with opportunities to conduct research, either in direct collaboration with a faculty member or as independent research under the supervision of a faculty member. Administrators and faculty have worked to institutionalize these programs because they recognize the intrinsic benefits of these faculty student collaborations. Since most faculty balance a wide range of demands, we wanted to understand how faculty members view these partnerships in the larger context of their work. In 2008, as the Undergraduate Research Conference at our midsize public New England University entered its ninth year, the evaluation committee administered a survey to examine faculty members' attitudes toward undergraduate research endeavors. Our results show that faculty felt overwhelmingly positive about their role as mentors. Full professors indicate more satisfaction in this role than associate and assistant professors. (Contains 5 tables.)"""
NaN		1570	"Potter, S. J., et al. (2010). """"Intellectual Growth for Undergraduate Students: Evaluation Results from an Undergraduate Research Conference."""" Journal of College Teaching & Learning 7(2): 25-34."""""	" We describe the development and evaluation of the university-wide, weeklong undergraduate research conference at the University of New Hampshire. Despite increases nationally in the number of undergraduate research conferences (URC), there has been little research examining the social and educational impact of these events on student presenters. We describe the development and evaluation of the university-wide, weeklong URC at the University of New Hampshire. A survey administered to URC participants over a four year period revealed that research culminating in a presentation at the URC was one of the more influential events students experienced during their undergraduate years and students realized a high level of satisfaction from presenting at the URC. (Contains 3 tables and 1 footnote.)"""
NaN		1572	"Pound, C. M., et al. (2015). """"Enhancing pediatric residents' scholar role: the development of a Scholarly Activity Guidance and Evaluation program."""" Medical Education Online 20."""""	" Background: Research training is essential to the development of well-rounded physicians. Although many pediatric residency programs require residents to complete a research project, it is often challenging to integrate research training into educational programs. Objective: We aimed to develop an innovative research program for pediatric residents, called the Scholarly Activity Guidance and Evaluation (SAGE) program. Methods: We developed a competency-based program which establishes benchmarks for pediatric residents, while providing ongoing academic mentorship. Results: Feedback from residents and their research supervisors about the SAGE program has been positive. Preliminary evaluation data have shown that all final-year residents have met or exceeded program expectations. Conclusions: By providing residents with this supportive environment, we hope to influence their academic career paths, increase their research productivity, promote evidence-based practice, and ultimately, positively impact health outcomes."""
NaN		1573	"Pow, J. and S. C. Li (2015). """"The effect of students' perceptions of Internet information quality on their use of Internet information in inquiry-based learning."""" Australasian Journal of Educational Technology 31(4): 439-457."""""	" In Web 2.0 environments, the quality of published information can vary significantly and much of the information on the Internet is unproven. This unverified information hinders rather than facilitates student learning, especially among undergraduate students who depend heavily on Internet resources for their studies. Currently, we do not have clear understanding of how students assess information quality and how this process affects their learning. This study argues that students' perceptions of Internet information quality influence their use of Internet information in their learning. The objectives of this research were to improve our understanding of how students evaluate Internet information by examining their perceptions of information quality and their use of information in learning, and to develop an information acceptance model that effectively measures and predicts students' use of Internet information. The study participants were undergraduate students at a Hong Kong university (n=299). We used confirmatory factor analysis and structured equation models to develop an information acceptance model based on Klein's (2002) 15 information quality dimensions. Our results suggested that 8 out of the 15 information quality dimensions were significant in predicting students' use of Internet information in their academic work."""
NaN		1574	"Powell, A. S. and E. S. Lindquist (2011). """"Effects of Power-line Maintenance on Forest Structure in a Fragmented Urban Forest, Raleigh, NC."""" Southeastern Naturalist 10(1): 25-38."""""	" With the increase in urban development, forest fragments are becoming more prevalent. In urban areas, there is a tendency to hide power-lines within or on the edges of these fragmented forests  however, it is unknown how the maintenance of vegetation under and along power-lines impacts the forest composition and structure of an adjacent fragmented, urban forest. An urban, fragmented maple-oak-hickory forest is located on the Meredith College campus, Raleigh, NC. A 1-ha plot with a hundred 10- x 10-m subplots was established in 2007 to initiate a long-term project supporting undergraduate research. An adjacent meadow is cut and maintained regularly up to the forest and plot edge for power-line clearance and access. We identified, tagged, and measured all of the trees with a diameter at breast height (DBH) >= 5 cm in this permanent plot, and compared the tree species richness (S), Shannon-Weiner diversity index (H), Sorenson's similarity index (Ss), DBH, stem density, and basal area along the 100-m gradient from the forest edge. We also used a non-metric multidimensional scaling (NMS) analysis to describe how species composition changed along the gradient. Our findings showed that S, H, and Ss did not change along the 100-m gradient. The NMS confirmed that species composition was not different in the edge subplots (0-10 m from edge) compared to all other subplots and therefore was not impacted by continual, local disturbance along forest edges. However, we found that forest structure changed along the gradient with the exception of mean DBH  stem density and total basal area varied along the 100-m gradient. There was greater stem density along the edge of the forest (0-5 m and 10-20 m from edge) compared to the other interior subplots. Some of the interior subplots (10-20 m and 60-70 m from the edge) had a higher total basal area than the remaining plots. As expected, we also found that there was a negative linear relationship between DBH and stem density for all subplots. Our results confirm trends found in previous studies that community structure parameters (stand density and basal area) differ between forest edges and their respective forest interiors, but did not agree with previous research, which found species composition to be affected by edges. We believe the regular pruning of the forest edge adjacent to the power-lines explains our observed differences in forest structure, but tree species richness, diversity, similarity, and composition may be determined by the disturbance of larger-scale ecological processes. Our results show how power-line placement within a fragmented urban forest can affect the structure of the adjacent forest, and we recommend that the ecological effects of power-line corridors should be further investigated and incorporated into the larger body of literature on forest fragmentation."""
NaN		1575	"Powell, C. B. and D. S. Mason (2013). """"Effectiveness of Podcasts Delivered on Mobile Devices as a Support for Student Learning During General Chemistry Laboratories."""" Journal of Science Education and Technology 22(2): 148-170."""""	" Chemistry instructors in teaching laboratories provide expert modeling of techniques and cognitive processes and provide assistance to enrolled students that may be described as scaffolding interaction. Such student support is particularly essential in laboratories taught with an inquiry-based curriculum. In a teaching laboratory with a high instructor-to-student ratio, mobile devices can provide a platform for expert modeling and scaffolding during the laboratory sessions. This research study provides data collected on the effectiveness of podcasts delivered as needed in a first-semester general chemistry laboratory setting. Podcasts with audio and visual tracks covering essential laboratory techniques and central concepts that aid in experimental design or data processing were prepared and made available for students to access on an as-needed basis on iPhones(A (R)) or iPod touches(A (R)). Research focused in three areas: the extent of podcast usage, the numbers and types of interactions between instructors and student laboratory teams, and student performance on graded assignments. Data analysis indicates that on average the podcast treatment laboratory teams accessed a podcast 2.86 times during the laboratory period during each week that podcasts were available. Comparison of interaction data for the lecture treatment laboratory teams and podcast treatment laboratory teams reveals that scaffolding interactions with instructors were statistically significantly fewer for teams that had podcast access rather than a pre-laboratory lecture. The implication of the results is that student laboratory teams were able to gather laboratory information more effectively when it was presented in an on-demand podcast format than in a pre-laboratory lecture format. Finally, statistical analysis of data on student performance on graded assignments indicates no significant differences between outcome measures for the treatment groups when compared as cohorts. The only statistically significant difference is between students who demonstrated a high level of class participation in the concurrent general chemistry lecture course  for this sub-group the students in the podcast treatment group earned a course average that was statistically significantly higher than those in the lecture treatment group."""
NaN		1576	"Powell, J. and J. Orme (2011). """"Increasing the confidence and competence of social work researchers: What works?"""" British Journal of Social Work 41(8): 1566-1585."""""	" This article presents findings from a follow-up survey designed to assess the impact of the first ESRC-funded Researcher Development Initiative (RDI) for social work. The data collected suggest that a large majority of respondents perceived substantial research-related benefits from attendance and a high rate of usage of methods in either research proposals or actual research projects. The benefits of networking and having an opportunity for clarification and reflection were widely reported across the programme as a whole. While this RDI programme can be seen as successful in providing a foundation on which to build further research capacity-building initiatives, reasons for limited benefit raise issues concerning the role of home institutions in fostering individual and collective research capacity. The authors argue the need for a ‘social practices model’ that underlines the importance of context and situated learning alongside more traditional methods of research training. A number of key leadership tasks for building research capacity are also discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1577	"Powell, L. E., et al. (2015). """"Systematic instruction of assistive technology for cognition (ATC) in an employment setting following acquired brain injury: A single case, experimental study."""" NeuroRehabilitation 37(3): 437-447."""""	" Background: Assistive technology for cognition (ATC) can be an effective means of compensating for cognitive impairments following acquired brain injury. Systematic instruction is an evidence-based approach to training a variety of skills and strategies, including the use of ATC. Objective: This study experimentally evaluated systematic instruction applied to assistive technology for cognition (ATC) in a vocational setting. Methods: The study used a single-case, multiple-probe design across behaviors design. The participant was a 50-year old female with cognitive impairments following an acquired brain injury (ABI). As a part-time employee, she was systematically instructed on how to operate and routinely use selected applications (apps) on her iPod Touch to support three work-related skills: (a) recording/recalling the details of work assignments, (b) recording/recalling work-related meetings and conversations, and (c) recording/performing multi-step technology tasks. The experimental intervention was systematic instruction applied to ATC. The dependent measures were: (a) the use of ATC at work as measured by an ATC routine task analysis  and (b) recall of work-related tasks and information. Results: Treatment effects were replicated across the three work-related skills and were maintained up to one year following the completion of intensive training across behaviors with periodic review (booster sessions). Conclusions: Systematic instruction is a critical component to teaching the routine use of ATC to compensate for cognitive impairments following ABI. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1578	"Powell, N. J., et al. (2008). """"Four case studies of adapting enquiry-based learning (EBL) in electrical and electronic engineering."""" International Journal of Electrical Engineering Education 45(2): 121-130."""""	" Four different instances of enquiry-based learning (EBL), developed in a School of Electrical and Electronic Engineering, are described. Key decisions in the design of these activities are detailed, emphasising flexibility in approach. Although the activities took place in broadly the same environment, the local contexts required subtle tailoring. The design decisions taken in each case are described and general overviews from integrative evaluations are provided. An emergent distinction between the forms of EBL developed was between those that focused on generic or specific skills and those that focused on content knowledge  these may be termed project-based learning and problem-based learning respectively. The influence of the focus of the activity on the design decisions is described."""
NaN		1579	"Powell, N. L. and B. B. Harmon (2014). """"Two-Year Community: Developing Scientists--A Multiyear Research Experience at a Two-Year College."""" Journal of College Science Teaching 44(2): 11-17."""""	" Oxford College is a small liberal-arts intensive 2-year undergraduate division of Emory University, where inquiry-based courses are a required part of the general education program. We have developed an authentic research experience for undergraduates that mimics--as much as possible--a real undergraduate research experience. Our program provides a multiyear research experience spanning the freshman and sophomore years that anchors the undergraduate teaching labs to the problem of designing, synthesizing, and testing possible anticancer compounds. We have focused primarily on characteristics that allow students to embrace uncertainty, foster commitment to the project, evaluate data, and apply/reinforce critical thinking. Using modified published rubrics, we assessed the level of inquiry for each of the different characteristics of our project and argue that the high level of independence required of the students may aid in their cognitive and affective development as budding scientists. Finally, we discuss how we addressed the many challenges that we faced in the implementation of the program, as well as the favorable student response."""
NaN		1580	"Power, B. (2012). """"Enriching Students' Intellectual Diet through Inquiry Based Learning."""" Libri 62(4): 305-325."""""	" Traditionally, science education has stressed the importance of teaching students to conduct 'scientific in-quiry', with the main focus being the experimental model of inquiry used by real world scientists. Current educational approaches using constructivist pedagogy recognise the value of inquiry as a method for promoting the development of deep understanding of discipline content. A recent Information Learning Activity undertaken by a Grade Eight science class in an Australian school was observed to discover how inquiry-based learning is implemented in contemporary science education. By analysing student responses to questionnaires and assessment task outcomes, the author was able to determine the level of inquiry inherent in the activity and how well the model supported student learning and the development of students' information literacy skills. Although students achieved well overall, some recommendations are offered that may enable teachers to better exploit the learning opportunities provided by inquiry based learning. Planning interventions at key stages of the inquiry process can assist students to learn more effective strategies for dealing with cognitive and affective challenges. Allowing students greater input into the selection of topic or focus of the activity may encourage students to engage more deeply with the learning task. Students are likely to experience greater learning benefit from access to developmentally appropriate resources, increased time to explore topics and multiple opportunities to undertake information searches throughout the learning activity. Finally, increasing the cognitive challenge can enhance both the depth of students' learning and their information literacy skills."""
NaN		1581	"Prain, V. and R. Tytler (2012). """"Learning Through Constructing Representations in Science: A framework of representational construction affordances."""" International Journal of Science Education 34(17): 2751-2773."""""	" Compared with research on the role of student engagement with expert representations in learning science, investigation of the use and theoretical justification of student-generated representations to learn science is less common. In this paper, we present a framework that aims to integrate three perspectives to explain how and why representational construction supports learning in science. The first or semiotic perspective focuses on student use of particular features of symbolic and material tools to make meanings in science. The second or epistemic perspective focuses on how this representational construction relates to the broader picture of knowledge-building practices of inquiry in this disciplinary field, and the third or epistemological perspective focuses on how and what students can know through engaging in the challenge of representing causal accounts through these semiotic tools. We argue that each perspective entails productive constraints on students' meaning-making as they construct and interpret their own representations. Our framework seeks to take into account the interplay of diverse cultural and cognitive resources students use in these meaning-making processes. We outline the basis for this framework before illustrating its explanatory value through a sequence of lessons on the topic of evaporation."""
NaN		1582	Prendergast, A. (2014). THE FEASIBILITY OF INQUIRYBASED LEARNING - AN IRISH PERSPECTIVE. EXPLORING THE ROLE AND MOTIVATION OF INQUIRY-BASED LEARNING IN SOCIAL STUDIES - AN IRISH HIGHER EDUCATION EXPERIENCE. Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 2: 429-447.	" One of the most widely accepted goals of social studies education is to produce knowledgeable and caring citizens. It is, therefore, imperative that students have the opportunity to participate in public issues and have a meaningful voice within their community. Students must learn how to gather information, solve problems and make civic decisions (Saxe, D. W. (1997). The distinctive mission of social studies education. In E.W. Ross (Ed.), The social studies curriculum: Purposes, problems and possibilities (pp. 39-55). Albany, NY: State University of New York Press). Thus, educators and staff in higher education institutions should encourage their students to create their own questions, cultivate investigative strategies, formulate theories and apply new concepts to their own lives in a variety of methods (Fitzsimmons, P. F., & Goldhaber, J. (1997). Siphons, pumps, and missile launchers: Inquiry at the further and higher education [online]. Edinburgh: Scottish Funding Council). Inquiry-based instruction is a pedagogical strategy that places the educator in the role of a facilitator where students are pushed to think critically and construct meaningful knowledge. Inquiry-based learning (IBL) is a crucial practice for students to grasp and the earlier they are exposed to this style of learning, the better the educational results will be in regard to cognitive development. For instance, (Frederiksen, White, & Shimoda, 1999) found that students who take part in inquiry-based learning outperform those students in traditional classrooms on standardised assessments. This chapter explores a theoretical discussion of IBL and a subsequent theory of change focusing on the potential desired impact on the student learning experience in Irish higher education. The core themes include the following: 1. How educators in the social sciences conceptualise, design and facilitate IBL? 2. The location and commencement of the development of an IBL set' 3. Informal theories of change in the social sciences, and a discussion on disciplinary patterns and the discernation of differences. 4. What have educators learned about designing and facilitating IBL? The challenges of designing and facilitating IBL, in the social sciences. 5. Plans for further developing IBL practice in an international context."""
NaN		1583	"Preston, L., et al. (2015). """"Inquiry-based Learning in Teacher Education: A Primary Humanities Example."""" Australian Journal of Teacher Education 40(12): 73-85."""""	" Inquiry-based learning features strongly in the new Australian Humanities and Social Sciences curriculum and increasingly in primary school practice. Yet, there is little research into, and few exemplars of, inquiry approaches in the primary humanities context. In this article, we outline and explain the implementation of a place-based simulation as a vehicle for inquiry in a humanities subject in a teacher education course. Preliminary findings of surveys of pre-service teachers conducted pre and post the implementation of the inquiry model suggest increased engagement and enhanced learning outcomes. Further analysis is required in order to determine the depth of pre-service teachers' understanding of inquiry approaches."""
NaN		1584	"Pretorius, R., et al. (2016). """"Adding value to education for sustainability in Africa with inquiry-based approaches in open and distance learning."""" International Journal of Sustainability in Higher Education 17(2): 167-187."""""	" Purpose - Inquiry-based approaches can potentially enrich sustainability learning in any educational context, more so in open and distance learning (ODL - perceived as theoretically inclined) and in regions of educational need (such as the Global South, of which Africa forms part). The purpose of this paper is to map the benefits and challenges of using inquiry-based learning (IBL), with reference to ODL and the value added by IBL in terms of education for sustainability (EfS) in Africa. Design/methodology/approach - Evidence-based reflection is used to provide a narrative assessment of the experience gained with IBL in two undergraduate sustainability-focussed modules in the Department of Geography at the University of South Africa (Unisa), an ODL provider in Africa and the Global South. Findings - Consideration of enabling and limiting factors indicates that although constraints are experienced, adoption of IBL approaches holds potential as pedagogic for EfS in Africa, due to grounding of learning in theory and applied to local places/contexts. This indicates a role for IBL to change perceptions regarding the lack of practical utility of ODL. Originality/value - Implementing place-based and contextual IBL is innovative in ODL. It adds value to learning experiences and supports transformative learning, both important components of EfS and addressing a need in the African context. Practitioners will find the experience gained with implementation of IBL, coupled with possibilities associated with information and communication technologies, of value."""
NaN		1585	"Priestley, M., et al. (2010). """"Towards an Agenda for Disability Research in Europe: Learning from Disabled People's Organisations."""" Disability & Society 25(6): 731-746."""""	" This paper addresses the challenges of building capacity for collaborative participatory research with disabled people's organisations in European countries. The paper presents initial findings from the project ""European Research Agendas for Disability Equality"""" (EuRADE), which seeks to build the capacity of civil society organisations to participate in future research collaborations in partnership with academic institutions. The findings draw on survey data identifying the research capacity, needs and priorities of 68 organisations in 25 countries and focuses, in particular, on responses from national or European level representative organisations of disabled people. The findings demonstrate a high degree of motivation and readiness for collaboration in academic research but raise concerns about the readiness of academic institutions to engage disabled people as equal partners within social model and rights-based approaches. Respondent organisations identified a wide range of research needs that raise challenges for collaborative responses from the academic community. In this way, the findings provide a basis for developing user-led agendas for European funded research within the emancipatory paradigm, and identify important opportunities for new international research collaborations between activists and academics. (Contains 1 note.)"""""
NaN		1586	"Primack, B. A., et al. (2010). """"Burnout Among Early Career Clinical Investigators."""" Cts-Clinical and Translational Science 3(4): 186-188."""""	" Burnout is a pervasive problem among clinicians. However, little is known about burnout among early career clinical investigators, who must balance clinical responsibilities with challenges related to research. We aimed to determine the prevalence of and demographic associations with burnout in a cohort of early career clinical investigators. A cross-sectional questionnaire was administered to 179 trainees at the University of Pittsburgh Institute for Clinical Research Education in 2007-2008. We used chi-square analyses and Fisher's exact test to determine whether associations between demographic characteristics and burnout were significant. Of the participants, 29 (16%) reported feeling burned out. Burnout was more prevalent among those over 35 years of age relative to their younger counterparts (29% vs. 13%, p = 0.01) and among females relative to males (22% vs. 10%, p = 0.03). With regard to race and ethnicity, burnout was most common among underrepresented minorities (30%) followed by Caucasians (18%) and Asians (3%)  these differences were significant (p = 0.02). Considering the early career status of these research trainees, rates of burnout were concerning. Certain demographic subgroups-including older trainees, females, and underrepresented minorities-had particularly high rates of burnout and may benefit from interventions that provide them with skills needed to sustain successful clinical research careers. Clin Trans Sci 2010  Volume 3: 186-188"""
NaN		1587	"Proctor, E. K., et al. (2013). """"The implementation research institute: training mental health implementation researchers in the United States."""" Implementation Science 8."""""	" Background: The Implementation Research Institute (IRI) provides two years of training in mental health implementation science for 10 new fellows each year. The IRI is supported by a National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) R25 grant and the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). Fellows attend two annual week-long trainings at Washington University in St. Louis. Training is provided through a rigorous curriculum, local and national mentoring, a 'learning site visit' to a federally funded implementation research project, pilot research, and grant writing. Methods: This paper describes the rationale, components, outcomes to date, and participant experiences with IRI. Results: IRI outcomes include 31 newly trained implementation researchers, their new grant proposals, contributions to other national dissemination and implementation research training, and publications in implementation science authored by the Core Faculty and fellows. Former fellows have obtained independent research funding in implementation science and are beginning to serve as mentors for more junior investigators. Conclusions: Based on the number of implementation research grant proposals and papers produced by fellows to date, the IRI is proving successful in preparing new researchers who can inform the process of making evidence-based mental healthcare more available through real-world settings of care and who are advancing the field of implementation science."""
NaN		1588	"Protsiv, M., et al. (2016). """"Blended learning across universities in a South-North-South collaboration: a case study."""" Health Research Policy and Systems 14."""""	" Background: Increased health research capacity is needed in low-and middle-income countries to respond to local health challenges. Technology-aided teaching approaches, such as blended learning (BL), can stimulate international education collaborations and connect skilled scientists who can jointly contribute to the efforts to address local shortages of high-level research capacity. The African Regional Capacity Development for Health Systems and Services Research (ARCADE HSSR) was a European Union-funded project implemented from 2011 to 2015. The project consortium partners worked together to expand access to research training and to build the research capacity of post-graduate students. This paper presents a case study of the first course in the project, which focused on a meta-analysis of diagnostic accuracy studies and was delivered in 2013 through collaboration by universities in Uganda, Sweden and South Africa. Methods: We conducted a mixed-methods case study involving student course evaluations, participant observation, interviews with teaching faculty and student feedback collected through group discussion. Quantitative data were analysed using frequencies, and qualitative data using thematic analysis. Results: A traditional face-to-face course was adapted for BL using a mixture of online resources and materials, synchronous online interaction between students and teachers across different countries complemented by face-to-face meetings, and in-class interaction between students and tutors. Synchronous online discussions led by Makerere University were the central learning technique in the course. The learners appreciated the BL design and reported that they were highly motivated and actively engaged throughout the course. The teams implementing the course were small, with individual faculty members and staff members carrying out many extra responsibilities  yet, some necessary competencies for course design were not available. Conclusions: BL is a feasible approach to simultaneously draw globally available skills into cross-national, high-level skills training in multiple countries. This method can overcome access barriers to research methods courses and can offer engaging formats and personalised learning experiences. BL enables teaching and learning from experts and peers across the globe with minimal disruption to students' daily schedules. Transforming a face-to-face course into a blended course that fulfils its full potential requires concerted effort and dedicated technological and pedagogical support."""
NaN		1589	"Pruchnicki, M. C., et al. (2008). """"Practice-based research network as a research training model for community/ambulatory pharmacy residents."""" Journal of the American Pharmacists Association 48(2): 191-202."""""	" Objective: To describe our experience with a practice-based research training network (PBRTN) in a 1-year residency program. Setting: Ohio State University in Columbus from 1997 to 2007. Practice description: The program includes two accredited postgraduate year 1 residencies and one postgraduate year 2 residency. Seven residents, 11 preceptors, and three faculty members participated during the time frame discussed in this article. Practice settings included three community sites and three ambulatory sites. Practice innovation: The PBRTN includes a residency director, a research director, preceptor and resident members, and research faculty. The group works collaboratively to meet training goals. The PBRTN maintains a project timeline, foundational training, and structured research development, implementation, and presentation phases. Each resident submits five required research products: abstract, grant, poster, podium presentation, and research manuscript. Main outcome measures: Quantitative measures included the number of abstracts, grants, and peer-reviewed publications over two time periods, one before and one after a deliberate attempt to increase the research focus of the residencies. The ratio of research products to number of residents was used as a measure of productivity. Postresidency career choice and postresidency publications are reported. Results: Over a decade, the program has produced 37 graduates, 50 abstracts, 15 grants, and 12 peer-reviewed publications. The publication-to-resident ratio increased from 0.25 in the pre-emphasis period of 1997-2001 to 0.56 in 2002-2007, after the research focus was intensified. Of graduates, 38% are in faculty positions, with 48 postresidency publications. Conclusion: Use of a PBRTN has successfully provided research training and improved research outcomes for the program. This model could be implemented in other residencies."""
NaN		1590	"Psycharis, S. (2016). """"The Impact of Computational Experiment and Formative Assessment in Inquiry-Based Teaching and Learning Approach in STEM Education."""" Journal of Science Education and Technology 25(2): 316-326."""""	" In this study, an instructional design model, based on the computational experiment approach, was employed in order to explore the effects of the formative assessment strategies and scientific abilities rubrics on students' engagement in the development of inquiry-based pedagogical scenario. In the following study, rubrics were used during the model development, based on prompts provided to students during the development of their models. Our results indicate that modelling is a process that needs sequencing and instructional support, in the form of rubrics, focused on the scientific abilities needed for the inquiry process. In this research, eighty (80) prospective primary school teachers participated, and the results of the research indicate that the development of inquiry-based scenario is strongly affected by the scientific abilities rubrics."""
NaN		1591	"Psycharis, S., et al. (2015). """"Examining the effects of learning styles, epistemic beliefs and the computational experiment methodology on learners' performance using the Easy Java Simulator tool in stem disciplines."""" Journal of Educational Computing Research 51(1): 91-118."""""	" Learning styles are increasingly being integrated into computational-enhanced learning environments and a great deal of recent research work is taking place in this area. The purpose of this study was to examine the impact of the computational experiment approach, learning styles, epistemic beliefs, and engagement with the inquiry process on the learning performance of pre-service engineering students. The study used the Felder-Silverman learning style model (FSLSM), in order to provide information for the relation of FSLSM with the learning environment in order to examine whether the strength of learning styles has an effect on the students’ learning performance in mismatched courses. Our objective was: a) to investigate whether students with a strong preference for a specific learning style have more difficulties in learning, if their learning style is not supported in the learning environment  b) if the methodology of the computational experiment has an impact on students independently of their learning style  and c) if the epistemological beliefs are related to different learning styles. The learning environment was based on the methodology of the computational experiment and applications were developed using the Easy Java Simulator software, while the inquiry based teaching and learning process was adopted. The questionnaire responses were gathered from 79 pre-service engineering students in a higher education institute in Greece. Results indicate that students with no preferred learning style have a better learning performance in mismatched courses. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1592	"Pugsley, L. (2008). """"Expectation and experience: Dissonances between novice and expert perceptions in medical education research."""" Medical Education 42(9): 866-871."""""	" Context: There is both qualitative and quantitative variation in the research methods training provided for Masters and doctoral students on medical education programmes across the UK. Unlike other higher degree programmes, there are no requirements for higher-degree medical education students to have studied the subject at degree level or for their supervisors to have training in social science research methods. This study explores the ways in which a panel of experts responded to novices’ presentations of their research in progress. Methods: This qualitative, case-based study of a 1-day education research consortium generated data in two phases. The author collected detailed field notes as a non-participant observer and subsequently analysed the data they contained. A second set of data was generated from written reflexive accounts of the day e-mailed to the author by all participants 1 month after the event and was subsequently analysed. Results: Thematic coding revealed wide degrees of variance between the research experiences and abilities of the novices and the expectations of the experts. These levels of dissonance are ascribed to the limited amounts of research training undertaken by students and the variable guidance provided by research supervisors, some of whom were themselves novices in this area. Conclusions: If medical education research is to thrive, it requires a properly developed infrastructure with training and support for research supervisors and students alike. Communities of practice need to be fostered to enable researchers to collaborate and disseminate good practice. This will ensure that medical education research practitioners can produce theoretically sound, rigorously designed and executed studies that can contribute to the evidence base for medical education. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1593	"Pujol, S., et al. (2008). """"Lowering the barriers inherent in translating advances in neuroimage analysis to clinical research applications."""" Academic Radiology 15(1): 114-118."""""	" Rationale and Objectives. This article presents an initiative for the translation of advances in neuroimage analysis techniques to clinical research scientists. Our objective is to bridge the gap between scientific advances made by the biomedical imaging community and their widespread use in the clinical research community. Through national collaborative effort supported by the National Institutes of Health Roadmap, the integration of the most sophisticated algorithms into usable working open-source systems enables clinical researchers to have access to a broad spectrum of cutting edge analysis techniques. A critical step to maximize the long-term positive impact of this collaborative effort is to translate these techniques into new skills of clinical researchers. To address this challenge, we developed a methodology based on three criteria: a multidisciplinary approach, a balance between theory and common practice, and an immersive collaborative environment. The article illustrates our initiative through the exemplar case of diffusion tensor imaging tractography, and reports on our experience over the past two years of designing and delivering training workshops to more than 300 clinicians and scientists using the developed methodology."""
NaN		1594	"Puttick, K. (2011). """"'Enquiring Minds' and the role of information literacy in the design, management and assessment of student research tasks."""" Information Literacy: Infiltrating the Agenda, Challenging Minds: 87-119."""""	" This chapter considers the Enquiring Minds (EM) project at Staffordshire University, and the role that information literacy (IL) principles and standards can play in improving the quality of students' research. Clearly, an essential pre-requisite is institutions' commitment to embedding IL principles in the curriculum, while at the same time creating more (and better) opportunities to deploy research and research-related skills and putting Enquiry-Based Learning (EBL) at the heart of the student experience. However, if progress is to be made it will be essential for lecturers - working with groups like information specialists - to factor IL principles and competency standards effectively into research task design, guidance, and assessment criteria. While it is clearly essential to bring IL requirements into learning outcomes (a vital step in changing behaviour, and raising the quality of students' research), it is also necessary to recognise the limitations of learning outcomes. Consequently, there is considerable value in ensuring that IL standards are adapted and deployed to meet the needs of particular tasks, with task designers supplementing learning outcomes with effective guidance. As EM research has suggested, some EBL schemes or types of project work may require close guidance on specifics like taking 'preliminary steps', using 'a range of different enquiry methods', or 'communicating research results effectively'. The chapter concludes by emphasising the value of embedding IL principles in the curriculum - something that has considerable potential for improving students' research, and empowering them to become independent learners and 'producers of knowledge'. However, this will necessitate more effective ways of assessing IL aspects of learning outcomes, and rewarding good practice in conducting effective searches, authentication, and critical evaluation."""
NaN		1595	"Pyett, P., et al. (2009). """"Engaging with Aboriginal communities in an urban context: some practical suggestions for public health researchers."""" Australian and New Zealand Journal of Public Health 33(1): 51-54."""""	" Objective: In this paper, one Indigenous and two non-Indigenous public health researchers reflect on our combined experience of over thirty years in Aboriginal health, in order to develop some practical guidelines, particularly for researchers working with urban Indigenous population groups. Approach: Public health research is important not only to address the health inequities experienced by Australia's Indigenous populations, but also to build knowledge and confidence and to inform practice in Aboriginal community-controlled health organisations. Ethical guidelines and previous research experience demonstrate that researchers need to engage with the communities that may be involved in or affected by the research they propose. Although more than half of Australia's Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander population live in urban and regional centres, most research and commentaries address the health and social issues of remote communities. Researchers often do not know how to engage with urban Aboriginal communities and how to approach the particular research challenges within this context. Conclusion and Implications: The practical guidelines suggested in this paper may assist public health researchers to conduct ethical health research that is planned and carried out in a culturally appropriate way and that will benefit urban Aboriginal people. While not intended to be prescriptive, we believe that the lessons learned in Victoria will be applicable to other urban Indigenous contexts around Australia."""
NaN		1596	"Pym, A. (2013). """"RESEARCH SKILLS IN TRANSLATION STUDIES: WHAT WE NEED TRAINING IN."""" Across Languages and Cultures 14(1): 1-14."""""	" This paper reports on evaluative comments made over some ten years on research by students in the doctoral program in Translation and Intercultural Studies at the Universitat Rovira i Virgili in Tarragona, Spain. The vast majority of the comments are found to involve general shortcomings that do not particularly concern Translation Studies. This would suggest that research trainees do not really need a doctoral program in Translation Studies. Other weaknesses stem from the relatively undeveloped intellectual position of Translation Studies as a discipline, especially with regard to unstable terminology, the attribution of authority to other disciplines, and tendencies to disappear into philosophical aporias, into indiscriminate data-gathering, and into the uncritical extension of vocational values or professional best practices. Some shortcomings, however, would seem more germane to the nature of translation as an object of knowledge. This particularly concerns the problems of describing translation quality and attempts to position the researcher as being external to the intercultural processes being investigated. Translation researchers, it is argued, are necessarily interpreting language in a way similar to translators, operating on the borders between stabilizing systems. That special position, which is specific in terms of degree rather than kind, makes hermeneutic work and self-reflection basic parts of translation research, and trainees need to develop the corresponding awareness. On the other hand, to limit oneself to empirical and often positivistic methodologies from other disciplines would be to de-intellectualize the way researchers engage socially and politically with translation."""
NaN		1597	"Qablan, A. (2008). """"Why Are We Doing This? Preservice Science Teachers' Interpretations of the Role of Open Inquiry in Understanding Teaching."""" Journal of Institutional Research 14(1): 24-42."""""	" Echoing the current emphasis on examining changes in teacher beliefs, combined with the central role of inquiry in reform, this article argues that science ""education"""" research experiences should hold promise in shaping preservice teachers' beliefs about the role of inquiry in understanding classroom science teaching. The aim of this research was to explore the beliefs of preservice teachers that shaped their interpretations of and actions within open inquiry in science teaching. In this research three prominent beliefs emerged as central in shaping the participants' interpretations: division of research and teaching, disdain for ambiguity and primacy of the individual. In this research we came to understand that these beliefs played such a central role in shaping participants' interpretations of their experiences that the act of researching science teaching was not recognised nor valued, as they often left this experience asking, '""""Why are we doing this?"""""""""
NaN		1598	"Qablan, A., et al. (2009). """"""""I Know It's so Good, but I Prefer Not to Use It"""" An Interpretive Investigation of Jordanian Preservice Elementary Teachers' Perspectives about Learning Biology through Inquiry."""" International Journal of Teaching and Learning in Higher Education 20(3): 394-404."""""	" Many researchers emphasize the significance of employing inquiry learning in shaping preservice elementary teachers' tendencies to teach science. Using an interpretive research methodology, this study examined the influence of employing an inquiry-based teaching approach on teaching biology to preservice elementary teachers at the Hashemite University in Jordan. The purpose was to explore 3 teachers' perspectives of the teaching approach as well as to examine the effect of taking such courses on their future intentions to use inquiry. Findings indicated that participants were generally supportive of an inquiry-based learning strategy as they saw value in the inquiry experience provided from their course. Finally, the study suggested that support should be devoted to encourage the continuation and development of inquiry-based laboratories to better prepare prospective teachers. Furthermore, collaboration between postsecondary science teachers and science educators should be established to promote understanding of inquiry learning."""
NaN		1599	"Quigley, C., et al. (2011). """"Challenges to Inquiry Teaching and Suggestions for How to Meet Them."""" Science Educator 20(1): 55-61."""""	" Inquiry has been cited as an essential goal of science education for decades. While terminology has evolved over time, the notion that students need to apply various analytic and thought related skills in order to better learn underlying scientific concepts and processes, remains central to science education. This article looks at four major challenges facing teachers as they implement inquiry based teaching--including measuring the quality of inquiry, using discourse to improve inquiry, pursuing the goal of teaching content through inquiry methods, and learning how to effectively manage an inquiry classroom. An analysis of each of these issues, along with implementation strategies, is provided."""
NaN		1600	"Quinlan, N., et al. (2011). """"Vulnerability: The crossroads of frailty and delirium."""" Journal of the American Geriatrics Society 59(Suppl 2): S262-S268."""""	" Frailty and delirium, although seemingly distinct syndromes, both result in significant negative health outcomes in older adults. Frailty and delirium may be different clinical expressions of a shared vulnerability to stress in older adults, and future research will determine whether this vulnerability is age related, pathological, genetic, environmental, or most likely, a combination of all of these factors. This article explores the clinical overlap of frailty and delirium, describes possible pathophysiological mechanisms linking the two, and proposes research opportunities to further knowledge of the interrelationships between these important geriatric syndromes. Frailty, a diminished ability to compensate for stressors, is generally viewed as a chronic condition, whereas delirium is an acute change in attention and cognition, but there is a developing literature on transitions in frailty status around acute events, as well as on delirium as a chronic, persistent condition. If frailty predisposes an individual to delirium, and delirium delays recovery from a stressor, then both syndromes may contribute to a downward spiral of declining function, increasing risk, and negative outcomes. In addition, frailty and delirium may have shared pathophysiology, such as inflammation, atherosclerosis, and chronic nutritional deficiencies, which will require further investigation. The fields of frailty and delirium are rapidly evolving, and future research may help to better define the interrelationship of these common and morbid geriatric syndromes. Because of the heterogeneous pathophysiology and presentation associated with frailty and delirium, typical of all geriatric syndromes, multicomponent prevention and treatment strategies are most likely to be effective and should be developed and tested. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1601	"Quitadamo, I. J., et al. (2008). """"Community-Based Inquiry Improves Critical Thinking in General Education Biology."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 7(3): 327-337."""""	" National stakeholders are becoming increasingly concerned about the inability of college graduates to think critically. Research shows that, while both faculty and students deem critical thinking essential, only a small fraction of graduates can demonstrate the thinking skills necessary for academic and professional success. Many faculty are considering nontraditional teaching methods that incorporate undergraduate research because they more closely align with the process of doing investigative science. This study compared a research-focused teaching method called community-based inquiry (CBI) with traditional lecture/laboratory in general education biology to discover which method would elicit greater gains in critical thinking. Results showed significant critical-thinking gains in the CBI group but decreases in a traditional group and a mixed CBI/traditional group. Prior critical-thinking skill, instructor, and ethnicity also significantly influenced critical-thinking gains, with nearly all ethnicities in the CBI group outperforming peers in both the mixed and traditional groups. Females, who showed decreased critical thinking in traditional courses relative to males, outperformed their male counterparts in CBI courses. Through the results of this study, it is hoped that faculty who value both research and critical thinking will consider using the CBI method. (Contains 6 tables and 2 figures.)"""
NaN		1602	"R, L. F. G. (2012). """"Fostering intercultural communicative competence through reading authentic literary texts in an advanced Colombian EFL classroom: A constructivist perspective."""" PROFILE Issues in Teachers' Professional Development 14(1): 49-66."""""	" This article describes an action research experience carried out in an advanced English as a foreign language classroom of the language program at a university in Bogotá, Colombia, in 2010. The study proposes the inclusion of authentic literary texts in the English as a foreign language classroom through the implementation of four constructivist approaches as a means to develop intercul-tural communicative competence. Data were collected to show how those approaches engaged learners to read authentic literary short stories, to negotiate meaning, and to develop intercultural competence. It demonstrates that integrating language and literature in English as a foreign language not only constitutes a communicative reading practice, but the opportunity to construct cultural knowledge through social interaction. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1603	"Radakovic, N. (2015). """"Pedagogy of Risk: Why and How Should We Teach Risk in High School Math Classes?"""" Mathematics Enthusiast 12(1-3): 307-329."""""	" Risk is everywhere yet the concept of risk is seldom investigated in high school mathematics. After presenting arguments for teaching risk in the context of high school mathematics, the article describes a case study of teaching risk in two grade 11 classes in Canada-an all-boy independent school (23 boys) and a publicly funded religious school (19 girls and 4 boys). The findings suggest that the students possessed intuitive knowledge that risk of an event should be assessed by both its likelihood and its impact. Following and amending pedagogic model of risk (Levinson, R., Kent, P., Pratt, D., Kapadia, R., & Yogui, C., 2012), the study suggests that pedagogy of risk should include five components: 1) knowledge, beliefs, and values, 2) judgment of impact, 3) judgment of probability, 4) representations, and 5) estimation of risk. These components do not necessarily appear in the instruction or students' decision making in chronological order,  furthermore, they influence each other. The implication for mathematics education is that a meaningful instruction about risk should go beyond mathematical representations and reasoning and include other components of the pedagogy of risk. The article also illustrates the importance of reasoning about rational numbers (rates, ratios, and fractions) and their critical interpretation in the pedagogy of risk."""
NaN		1604	"Rae, B. E. and S. Rees (2015). """"The perceptions of homeless people regarding their healthcare needs and experiences of receiving health care."""" Journal of Advanced Nursing 71(9): 2096-2107."""""	" Aims: To understand the perspective of the homeless about their healthcare encounters and how their experiences of receiving healthcare influence their health‐seeking behaviour. Background: A phenomenological study was undertaken because of the increasing levels of homelessness in the United Kingdom. Most of the current literature is American or Canadian. Design: An interpretive phenomenological inquiry. Method: An opportunistic sample of fourteen single homeless adults was recruited from one male hostel and one non‐residential day centre. Data collection was done in 2013. Semi‐structured audio‐recorded interviews were conducted one‐to‐one. Colaizzi's method for data analysis was used. Findings: Three major themes were identified. Expressed Health Need, Healthcare Experiences and Attitudes to health care. Health problems are recognized by the homeless but the need for intervention is not always prioritised. Obstacles in access to health care in the UK are both perceived (attitudes towards the homeless  previous bad experience) and actual (difficulty in registering with a general practitioner, difficulty travelling to services, being forced to move to new area). Some homeless people feel that they are treated with prejudice and receive substandard care. Positive healthcare experiences were also reported. Conclusions: Positive and negative healthcare encounters can profoundly affect the homeless. Recommendations: Address apparent inconsistency of care  promote greater interdisciplinary communication and referrals to homeless services from prisons and hospitals  increase the availability of intermediate services  reduce obligation of homeless to move area  research experiences of homeless families. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1605	"Rai, R. K. (2012). """"A participatory action research training initiative to improve police effectiveness."""" Action Research 10(3): 225-243."""""	" Police work is becoming extremely complex, challenging, demanding, and ill-structured, which calls for better problem-solving and decision-making skills from police workers. Participatory action research approach is applied to understand how training methodologies can contribute to creative thinking, exploration of alternatives and democratization, consequently enhancing the problem-solving and decision-making skills of field-level police workers. A series of five sessions with two groups of police workers provided substantial insights that informed the research methodology, the learning experience of participants and the relative value of various training delivery modes for improving problem-solving and decision-making skills. The methodology gave opportunities to the researcher and the participants to reflect on processes and learn from the feedback. The study reveals that the training must seek to give voice to the learners and help them to discover an agency through which they can critically reflect on the needs of their job and fulfil them. This study reflects on the question of rigour and relevance in PAR and provides directions for future research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1606	"Rajbhandari, R. and J. C. Villa (2012). """"Radio Frequency Identification System to Measure Crossing and Wait Times of Commercial Vehicles at US Border Crossings."""" Transportation Research Record(2285): 126-134."""""	" The design and deployment processes described in this study were used for deployment of a system based on radio frequency identification technology at the Pharr-Reynosa International Bridge in Pharr, Texas. The overall goal of this deployment was to implement a system that would automatically and reliably collect, archive, and disseminate wait times and crossing times of U.S.-bound commercial vehicles at international land border crossings and thereby monitor the performance of these crossings. Such performance measures provide stakeholder agencies and users with information to assist in various travel-related decisions, establish a common denominator to estimate the effect of improvements and modifications in operation, and establish indices that can be easily communicated to a nontechnical audience and still remain relevant. Results are also described from the initial analysis of wait and crossing times of U.S.-bound commercial vehicles at the border crossing. Researchers believe that the study will greatly benefit stakeholder agencies at the border that want to implement similar systems to measure border crossing performance. At the same time, the research community can benefit from the real-time and archived data, and it is expected that new research opportunities focused on performance measurement and monitoring of international border crossings will be generated."""
NaN		1607	"Ramkalawan, T. and P. Dieppe (2008). """"Research capacity development and training."""" Journal of Health Services Research & Policy 13: 6-11."""""	" The HSRC was awarded a large core grant specifically for research capacity development and training, with the aim of facilitating future high quality HSR in the UK. This was used to pursue three main areas of activity. First, the provision of small grants to facilitate the development of new work, help create new, multidisciplinary groupings and support junior researchers. Of the various schemes discussed, the research initiation grants (max 6000) pound and workshop awards (max 0000) appear to have been particularly valuable. Second, appoint cohorts of PhD students to pursue four-year training programmes (rather than the traditional three years), during which they received individualized research training and development opportunities with an emphasis on both multidisciplinary HSR training and generic skills training, as well as pursuing their own research projects. Third, improving research training opportunities by developing networks for research staff at various stages in their careers and organizing workshops and courses in specialist HSR subjects, and for generic skills training. The premature closure of the HSRC prevented us from fully evaluating these initiatives and, arguably, their real value will not be apparent for some years. However, we believe that the programme was successful and that it went some way to helping us break out from the traditional, entrenched approaches to research training, and to helping us think of research capacity development as being as important as doing the research itself. But much more remains to be done. Journal of Health Services Research & Policy Vol 13 Suppl 3, 2008: 6-11 (C) The Royal Society of Medicine Press Ltd 2008"""
NaN		1608	"Ramnanan, C. J. and Y. Chang (2016). """"More on promoting medical student scholarly research: In reply."""" Academic Medicine 91(2): 160-160."""""	" Reply by the current author to the comments made by Rachel K. Wolfson & Vineet M. Arora (see record [rid]2016-04801-002[/rid]) and Sara K. Rosenkranz & Wendy Hu (see record [rid]2016-04801-003[/rid]) on the original article (see record [rid]2015-39868-024[/rid]). Rosenkranz and Hu caution that some items discussed in the review may reflect selection bias, and that our recommendation to increase curricular time devoted to medical student research may not be suitable for every institution, given resource constraints. Wolfson and Arora suggested that using publication metrics to assess medical student research programs may be inconvenient and proposed relying on more immediate measures, including whether research programs positively impacted student attitudes towards future research activity. However, many reviewed studies have already assessed this  our review and our local program evaluation study both described that students generally perceive their research experience positively and self-report increased interest in future research activity. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1609	"Ramnarain, U. and D. Schuster (2014). """"The Pedagogical Orientations of South African Physical Sciences Teachers towards Inquiry or Direct Instructional Approaches."""" Research in Science Education 44(4): 627-650."""""	" In recent years, inquiry-based science instruction has become widely advocated in science education standards in many countries and, hence, in teacher preparation programmes. Nevertheless, in practice, one finds a wide variety of science instructional approaches. In South Africa, as in many countries, there is also a great disparity in school demographic situations, which can also affect teaching practices. This study investigated the pedagogical orientations of in-service physical sciences teachers at a diversity of schools in South Africa. Assessment items in a Pedagogy of Science Teaching Test (POSTT) were used to identify teachers' science teaching orientations, and reasons for pedagogical choices were probed in interviews. The findings reveal remarkable differences between the orientations of teachers at disadvantaged township schools and teachers at more privileged suburban schools. We found that teachers at township schools have a strong ""active direct"""" teaching orientation overall, involving direct exposition of the science followed by confirmatory practical work, while teachers at suburban schools exhibit a guided inquiry orientation, with concepts being developed via a guided exploration phase. The study identified contextual factors such as class size, availability of resources, teacher competence and confidence, time constraints, student ability, school culture and parents' expectations as influencing the methods adopted by teachers. In view of the recent imperative for inquiry-based learning in the new South African curriculum, this study affirms the context specificity of curriculum implementation (Bybee 1993) and suggests situational factors beyond the curriculum mandate that need to be addressed to achieve successful inquiry-based classroom instruction in science."""""
NaN		1610	"Ramnarain, U. D. (2014). """"Teachers' perceptions of inquiry-based learning in urban, suburban, township and rural high schools: The context-specificity of science curriculum implementation in South Africa."""" Teaching and Teacher Education 38: 65-75."""""	" This study investigated the perceptions of physical sciences (physics and chemistry) teachers on the implementation of inquiry-based learning at a diversity of high schools in South Africa. The findings show that teachers at all locations of school have a positive perception of inquiry-based learning, with benefits for learners that include the development of experimental skills and making science more enjoyable. However, with regard to inquiry facilitating conceptual understanding, teachers at township and rural schools believe a didactic approach to be more effective than learners doing inquiry, whilst teachers at suburban and urban schools favour an inquiry-based approach in this regard. The significance of this study is that the lack of resources, large classes, and the limited exposure to inquiry of learners at township and rural schools constrain the implementation of inquiry-based learning at these schools, and result in teachers at such schools resorting to a didactic pedagogy. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1611	"Ramnarain, U. D. and S. Ramaila (2016). """"The Achievement Goals Orientation of South African First Year University Physics Students."""" International Journal of Science and Mathematics Education 14(1): 25."""""	" This study investigated the achievement goals orientation of first year physics students at a South African university. The mixed methods design involved a quantitative survey of 291 students using an achievement goals questionnaire and individual interviews of selected participants. Results showed that the students perceived they have a stronger mastery goals orientation than performance goals and performance avoidance goals orientations. Multiple regression analysis in testing the mastery goals model indicated that the participants' perceptions of teacher and peer goal emphases made the largest unique contribution to their orientation. It is suggested that at the tertiary level such an orientation should be promoted through learning experiences such as inquiry-based learning, which has been associated with this orientation."""
NaN		1612	"Randall, D. A. C., et al. (2012). """"An International Collaboration to Promote Inquiry-Based Learning in Undergraduate Engineering Classrooms."""" Campus-Wide Information Systems 29(4): 259-271."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to describe specific techniques of ""inquiry-based learning"""" employed by three instructors in Engineering schools, one in Europe and two in the USA. Design/methodology/approach: Theorists such as Bransford et al. argue that twenty-first century educators need to teach students to do more than simply remember and repeat information. Engineering educators Prince and Felder critique traditional methods of teaching in which instructors focus on mathematics and theory, but fail to convey practical applications of that knowledge. They advocate moving students to a higher level of learning--past the stage of memorizing and reciting data--to more sophisticated methods of analysis, synthesis, and application of knowledge. To enact such transformations, Prince and Felder recommend """"inductive teaching methods,"""" including """"inquiry-based learning,"""" in which students learn through engaging with challenges and a series of questions. The paper provides examples of inquiry-based learning activities from each of the authors. The paper then discusses the cross-pollination of ideas and describes how the authors have shared inquiry-based teaching strategies and collaborated to develop new and relevant assignments and approaches to teaching. Findings: The willingness of learners to discuss a range of pedagogical topics, from specific practices to shared experiences and readings, led to an exchange of ideas, and also to deeper reflections on current practices. The cross-pollination of assignments and techniques resulted in well-structured, stimulating, and relevant research projects that engage engineering students from Texas to Portugal, and from communication to technical classes. Research limitations/implications: The use of inquiry-based learning activities and the sharing of resources across continents aimed at improving learning and teaching requires expanding upon and further development. Originality/value: The paper demonstrates the use of cross-pollination of ideas, development of assignments and improved approaches to teaching. (Contains 5 tables and 2 figures.)"""""
NaN		1613	"Rao, N. R. and J. Yager (2012). """"Acculturation, education, training, and workforce issues of IMGs: Current status and future directions."""" Academic Psychiatry 36(4): 268-270."""""	" In assembling the International Medical Graduate (IMG)-focused articles for this special issue of Academic Psychiatry, our goal has been to 'reexamine the role of IMGs in American psychiatry so that we can advocate for rational public policies and develop training models that successfully address IMGs' sociocultural and educational needs'. We invited papers on themes that 'include but are not limited to psychiatric workforce dilemmas in the context of healthcare reform, educational and training strategies, acculturation and linguistic challenges, issues in evaluation and feedback, and effective psychotherapy and clinical research training models pertinent to IMGs'. We believe this special issue takes an important step in meeting our goal. In the setting and context of these issues and social forces, this special issue considers the training needs of IMGs and related workforce developments through a varied group of topics: feedback, models of psychiatric training abroad, psychodynamic psychotherapy training as an acculturating experience, observerships, the stresses experienced in migration, the role of IMGs in the U.S. physician workforce, and guidelines to teaching psychotherapy. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1614	"Raptis, D. A., et al. (2012). """"Job Satisfaction Among Young Board-Certified Surgeons at Academic Centers in Europe and North America."""" Annals of Surgery 256(5): 796-805."""""	" Objectives: To identify independent factors influencing job satisfaction of academic surgeons within their first 10 years after board certification. Background Data: Job satisfaction is increasingly recognized as a crucial factor for high performance of individuals and teams in most organizations. Sophisticated tools are now available to assess job satisfaction in medicine. Methods: A survey among 439 faculty surgeons from 16 European countries, United States, and Canada was conducted in 2011. Satisfaction at work was analyzed using the validated Global Job Satisfaction (GJS) instrument (score range, -36 to +36), modified to an extended version (eGJS) (score range, -87 to +87) covering additional personal and environmental factors. Independent factors were identified with multiple logistic regression analysis. Results: Response rate was high at 59% (439/744). Median age of responders was 39 years, with 17% women. North American surgeons scored higher on the eGJS when compared with Europeans (median: 21 vs. 33, respectively, P < 0.001). The surgical specialty with the highest median eGJS score was colorectal, whereas general surgery scored lowest (median: 33 vs 7, respectively, P = 0.002). On multivariate analysis, independent factors of high job satisfaction included protected time for research (odds ratio [OR]: 9), good team relationship (OR: 7), female sex (OR: 5), having a partner (OR: 4), feeling enthusiastic about work (OR: 4), being pleased with life accomplishments (OR: 4), having the standard of living one deserves (OR: 3), and clinical autonomy (OR: 3). In contrast, independent predictors of poor job satisfaction were feeling frustrated by work (ie, a burnout item) (OR: 37), worrying about personal life at work (OR: 3), and having to work too many weekends (OR: 3). Conclusions: Satisfaction in young faculty members mostly relates to research opportunities, clinical autonomy, burnout, and lifestyle. Understanding satisfaction factors may improve productivity and competence."""
NaN		1615	"Rathwell, K. J., et al. (2015). """"Bridging knowledge systems to enhance governance of the environmental commons: A typology of settings."""" International Journal of the Commons 9(2): 851-880."""""	" We offer a typology of settings to bridge scientific and indigenous knowledge systems and to enhance governance of the environmental commons in contexts of change. We contribute to a need for further clarity on how to incorporate diverse knowledge systems and in ways that contribute to planning, management, monitoring and assessment from local to global levels. We ask, what settings are discussed in the resource and environmental governance literature to support efforts to bridge indigenous and scientific knowledge systems? The objectives are: 1) to offer a typology that organizes various settings to bridge knowledge systems  and 2) to elaborate on how these settings function independently and in concert, using examples from a diverse literature in addition to field research experience. Our focus is on indigenous and scientific knowledge, but the typology offers lessons to bridge diverse knowledge systems more generally, and in ways that are sensitive to a moral, political and process-based approach. The typology includes specific methods and processes, brokering strategies, governance and institutional contexts, and the arena of epistemology. We describe each setting in the typology, and provide examples to reflect on the function and potential outcomes of different settings. Insights from our synthesis can inform policy and participatory action."""
NaN		1616	"Ratinen, I., et al. (2013). """"Primary School Student Teachers' Understanding of Climate Change: Comparing the Results Given by Concept Maps and Communication Analysis."""" Research in Science Education 43(5): 1801-1823."""""	" Climate change is a complex environmental problem that can be used to examine students' understanding, gained through classroom communication, of climate change and its interactions. The present study examines a series of four science sessions given to a group of primary school student teachers (n = 20). This includes analysis of the communication styles used and the students' pre- and post-conceptualisation of climate change based on results obtained via essay writing and drawings. The essays and drawings concerned the students' unprompted pre- and post-conceptions about climate change, collected before and after each of the four inquiry-based science sessions (in physics, chemistry, biology and geography). Concept mapping was used in the analysis of the students' responses. The communication used in the four sessions was analysed with a communicative approach in order to find out the discussion about climate change between teacher and students. The analyses indicated that the students did not have the knowledge or the courage to participate in discussion, but post-conceptualisation map showed that students' thinking had become more coherent after the four sessions. Given the results of the present study, proposals for using concepts maps and/or communication analysis in studying students' conceptions are presented."""
NaN		1617	"Ratinen, I., et al. (2015). """"Primary Student-Teachers' Practical Knowledge of Inquiry-Based Science Teaching and Classroom Communication of Climate Change."""" International Journal of Environmental and Science Education 10(5): 649-670."""""	" A teacher's practical knowledge contains the teacher's beliefs about the goals, values and principles of education that guide his or her actions in the classroom. There is still a lack of knowledge about how teachers' practical knowledge influences their teaching. The present study examines student teachers' practical knowledge in the context of teaching climate change in elementary schools. Participating student-teachers planned their lessons using the principles and ideas of inquiry-based science teaching and the communicative approach. The same two approaches were applied in analysing the lessons, providing a broader basis on which to study student-teachers' beliefs about teaching science. The analysis revealed different levels of success in terms of implementation of inquiry-based learning  the communicative approach was not comprehensively realised in any class. Stimulated recall interviews highlighted that most student-teachers possessed sufficient knowledge to reflect on their lessons and the necessary awareness to use the communicative approach. By comparing the results of lesson plan analysis, communication analysis and stimulated recall interviews, we can better understand student-teachers' practical knowledge in the classroom."""
NaN		1618	"Rattray, J. E. and J. Taylor (2007). """"Guest editorial: Models for developing young nurse researchers: A discussion."""" Journal of Clinical Nursing 16(6): 997-999."""""	" Nursing has become established as an academic discipline within Higher Education Institutions (HEI) in the UK, and traditional nurse teachers have become more rounded academics with research and scholarly activity as an accepted part of their role. The four potential models of developing nurse researchers, and contributed to the debate to increase research capacity and capability in nursing are presented, such as: associate researcher  full-time studentships  part-time studentships  fast tracking i.e., to recruit more junior practitioners with relevant academic qualifications for research higher degrees. Perhaps one model alone will not provide the solution and need to be consider for adopting an approach that will provide both short and long-term options to the challenges of research capability and capacity in nursing. Whatever model or models we choose, we need to ensure that this is an attractive and desirable career route for relatively inexperienced practitioners, one with a clear career pathway in either the HEI or the National Health Service (NHS) at the end of the research training. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1619	"Raviola, G., et al. (2012). """"Mental health response in Haiti in the aftermath of the 2010 earthquake: A case study for building long-term solutions."""" Harvard Review of Psychiatry 20(1): 68-77."""""	" Significant challenges exist in providing safe, effective, and culturally sound mental health and psychosocial services when an unforeseen disaster strikes in a low-resource setting. We present here a case study describing the experience of a transnational team in expanding mental health and psychosocial services delivered by two health care organizations, one local (Zanmi Lasante) and one international (Partners in Health), acting collaboratively as part of the emergency response to the 2010 Haiti earthquake. In the year and a half following the earthquake, Zanmi Lasante and Partners in Health provided 20,000 documented individual and group appointments for mental health and psychosocial needs. During the delivery of disaster response services, the collaboration led to the development of a model to guide the expansion and scaling up of community-based mental health services in the Zanmi Lasante health care system over the long-term, with potential for broader scale-up in Haiti. This model identifies key skill packages and implementation rules for developing evidence-based pathways and algorithms for treating common mental disorders. Throughout the collaboration, efforts were made to coordinate planning with multiple organizations interested in supporting the development of mental health programs following the disaster, including national governmental bodies, nongovernmental organizations, universities, foreign academic medical centers, and corporations. The collaborative interventions are framed here in terms of four overarching categories of action: direct service delivery, research, training, and advocacy. This case study exemplifies the role of psychiatrists working in low-resource settings as public health program implementers and as members of multidisciplinary teams. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1620	"Ray, A. J., et al. (2007). """"Applications of monsoon research: Opportunities to inform decision making and reduce regional vulnerability."""" Journal of Climate 20(9): 1608-1627."""""	" This article presents ongoing efforts to understand interactions between the North American monsoon and society in order to develop applications for monsoon research in a highly complex, multicultural, and binational region. The North American monsoon is an annual precipitation regime that begins in early June in Mexico and progresses northward to the southwestern United States. The region includes stakeholders in large urban complexes, productive agricultural areas, and sparsely populated arid and semiarid ecosystems. The political, cultural, and socioeconomic divisions between the United States and Mexico create a broad range of sensitivities to climate variability as well as capacities to use forecasts and other information to cope with climate. This paper highlights methodologies to link climate science with society and to analyze opportunities for monsoon science to benefit society in four sectors: natural hazards management, agriculture, public health, and water management. A list of stakeholder needs and a calendar of decisions is synthesized to help scientists link user needs to potential forecasts and products. To ensure usability of forecasts and other research products, iterative scientist-stakeholder interactions, through integrated assessments, are recommended. These knowledge-exchange interactions can improve the capacity for stakeholders to use forecasts thoughtfully and inform the development of research, and for the research community to obtain feedback on climate-related products and receive insights to guide research direction. It is expected that integrated assessments can capitalize on the opportunities for monsoon science to inform decision making and, in the best instances, reduce regional climate vulnerabilities and enhance regional sustainability."""
NaN		1621	"Record, S., et al. (2016). """"Graduate students navigating social-ecological research: insights from the Long-Term Ecological Research Network."""" Ecology and Society 21(1)."""""	" Interdisciplinary, collaborative research capable of capturing the feedbacks between biophysical and social systems can improve the capacity for sustainable environmental decision making. Networks of researchers provide unique opportunities to foster social-ecological inquiry. Although insights into interdisciplinary research have been discussed elsewhere, they rarely address the role of networks and often come from the perspectives of more senior scientists. We have provided graduate student perspectives on interdisciplinary degree paths from within the Long-Term Ecological Research (LTER) Network. Focusing on data from a survey of graduate students in the LTER Network and four self-identified successful graduate student research experiences, we examined the importance of funding, pedagogy, research design and development, communication, networking, and culture and attitude to students pursuing social-ecological research. Through sharing insights from successful graduate student approaches to social-ecological research within the LTER Network, we hope to facilitate dialogue between students, faculty, and networks to improve training for interdisciplinary scientists."""
NaN		1622	"Redel-Macías, M. D., et al. (2014). """"Development of a Virtual Tool for Learning Basic Organisation and Planning in Rural Engineering Projects."""" European Journal of Engineering Education 39(5): 507-517."""""	" This paper presents a virtual lab for the contents of an Engineering project, for designing an agro-industrial building, which is also useful for a range of different transversal courses in Engineering sciences. The aims of this tool are to analyse the most important contents of a project-document (calculation, regulations, drawings and budgets), as well as their relationship with the activities which make up the work and the schedule. The design criteria we considered were: its online applications and their compatibility with Moodle  the inclusion of different learning approaches, such as exploratory learning and inquiry-based learning  its interactivity, and the use of multimedia elements for visualisation and direct analysis on material common to Engineering subjects. The students' perceptions of the improvements brought by the virtual lab were analysed statistically through a series of questions over two academic years. The results of the questionnaires suggested that most of those who had used the e-learning tool valued positively its overall suitability for reaching the objectives in their subject as well as the way it improved the working methodology. The practical knowledge acquired by the students was also highly valued. In addition, the lack of constraints commonly related to field trips (expenses, time and complexity) illustrates the utility of self-access learning tools in key transversal disciplines such as Engineering projects."""
NaN		1623	"Redman-MacLaren, M., et al. (2012). """"Mutual research capacity strengthening: a qualitative study of two-way partnerships in public health research."""" International Journal for Equity in Health 11."""""	" Introduction: Capacity building has been employed in international health and development sectors to describe the process of 'experts' from more resourced countries training people in less resourced countries. Hence the concept has an implicit power imbalance based on 'expert' knowledge. In 2011, a health research strengthening workshop was undertaken at Atoifi Adventist Hospital, Solomon Islands to further strengthen research skills of the Hospital and College of Nursing staff and East Kwaio community leaders through partnering in practical research projects. The workshop was based on participatory research frameworks underpinned by decolonising methodologies, which sought to challenge historical power imbalances and inequities. Our research question was, ""Is research capacity strengthening a two-way process?"""" Methods: In this qualitative study, five Solomon Islanders and five Australians each responded to four open-ended questions about their experience of the research capacity strengthening workshop and activities: five chose face to face interview, five chose to provide written responses. Written responses and interview transcripts were inductively analysed in NVivo 9. Results: Six major themes emerged. These were: Respectful relationships""  Increased knowledge and experience with research process  Participation at all stages in the research process  Contribution to public health action  Support and sustain research opportunities  and Managing challenges of capacity strengthening. All researchers identified benefits for themselves, their institution and/or community, regardless of their role or country of origin, indicating that the capacity strengthening had been a two-way process. Conclusions: The flexible and responsive process we used to strengthen research capacity was identified as mutually beneficial. Using community-based participatory frameworks underpinned by decolonising methodologies is assisting to redress historical power imbalances and inequities and is helping to sustain the initial steps taken to establish a local research agenda at Atoifi Hospital. It is our experience that embedding mutuality throughout the research capacity strengthening process has had great benefit and may also benefit researchers from more resourced and less resourced countries wanting to partner in research capacity strengthening activities."""
NaN		1624	"Reed, R. L., et al. (2011). """"What research impacts do Australian primary health care researchers expect and achieve?"""" Health Research Policy and Systems 9."""""	" Background: Funding for research is under pressure to be accountable in terms of benefits and translation of research findings into practice and policy. Primary health care research has considerable potential to improve health care in a wide range of settings, but little is known about the extent to which these impacts actually occur. This study examines the impact of individual primary health care research projects on policy and practice from the perspective of Chief Investigators (CIs). Methods: The project used an online survey adapted from the Buxton and Hanney Payback Framework to collect information about the impacts that CIs expected and achieved from primary health care research projects funded by Australian national competitive grants. Results and Discussion: Chief Investigators (CIs) provided information about seventeen completed projects. While no CI expected their project to have an impact in every domain of the framework used in the survey, 76% achieved at least half the impacts they expected. Sixteen projects had published and/or presented their work, 10 projects included 11 doctorate awards in their research capacity domain. All CIs expected their research to lead to further research opportunities with 11 achieving this. Ten CIs achieved their expectation of providing information for policy making but only four reported their research had influenced policy making. However 11 CIs achieved their expectation of providing information for organizational decision making and eight reported their research had influenced organizational decision making. Conclusion: CIs reported that nationally funded primary health care research projects made an impact on knowledge production, staff development and further research, areas within the realm of influence of the research team and within the scope of awareness of the CIs. Some also made an impact on policy and organizational decision-making, and on localized clinical practice and service delivery. CIs reported few broader economic benefits from their research. Routine use of an instrument of this type would facilitate primary health care research funders' determination of the payback for funding of research in this sector."""
NaN		1625	"Reefke, H. and D. Sundaram (2017). """"Key themes and research opportunities in sustainable supply chain management - identification and evaluation."""" Omega-International Journal of Management Science 66: 195-211."""""	" Supply chains play an integral role in today's globalised economy. Hence, in order to truly pursue sustainable business development, the underlying dynamics and influential themes for sustainability in supply chains have to be understood. However, this area remains characterized by limited theoretical knowledge and practical application. A literature review was conducted first in order to gain an overview of available theory and to develop initial categorisations. In the next step, the insights of supply chain and sustainability experts were gathered via an exploratory Delphi study conducted online over three rounds. A set of key themes (planning, execution, coordination, and collaboration) and associated research opportunities (within the categories of governance, risk, compliance, performance management, and the sustainability dimensions) were synthesised and evaluated according to their relative importance based on the experts' opinions. By relating these results to existing literature, this study confirms, questions and extends knowledge on sustainable supply chain management. The identified themes are integral for the management and performance of sustainable supply chains. They provide structure to the field and offer a prioritisation of sustainability initiatives that can be applied prescriptively by the practitioner. The future research opportunities are further enfolded in a categorised research agenda, driving the theoretical as well as practical development of the field. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1626	"Reeve, E. M. (2015). """"STEM Thinking!"""" Technology and Engineering Teacher 75(4): 8-16."""""	" Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) is a term seen almost daily in the news. In 2009, President Obama launched the Educate to Innovate initiative to move American students from the middle to the top of the pack in science and math achievement over the next decade (The White House, n.d.). Learning about the attributes of STEM and how they are connected can help promote innovation (Holt, Colburn, & Leverty, n.d.). Teachers involved in STEM education must take the challenge of learning more about the STEM areas and begin showing students how they are connected. To begin this transformation, the author asserts that teachers must become STEM Thinkers who can show their students how STEM is involved in most of the products and systems they use in their daily lives. STEM Thinking can be defined as ""purposely thinking about how STEM concepts, principles, and practices are connected to most of the products and systems we use in our daily lives."""" At the collegiate level, STEM education encourages students to pursue STEM careers in order to meet the growing need for trained professionals in these areas. The focus of this article is on teachers at the primary and secondary levels (i.e., P-12) who are involved in teaching about one or more of the STEM areas in their classrooms. These teachers, who come from a variety of STEM education areas, are typically involved in using hands-on and inquiry-based learning strategies that challenge students to solve real-world problems and explore their curiosities of the natural and human-made worlds. In today's schools, teaching about STEM can take place in many general education and career and technical education subject areas such as agriculture, science, health, technology and engineering, and family and consumer science. This article begins by explaining why it is important for teachers to become STEM Thinkers. It goes on to provide background on the term STEM and STEM education. Next, becoming a STEM Thinking teacher and the components of STEM are discussed. This is followed by a discussion of inquiry-based learning strategies used by STEM Thinking teachers and how STEM Thinking teachers can put STEM Thinking into action in the classroom."""""
NaN		1627	"Reeves, S., et al. (2007). """"Key factors in planning and implementing interprofessional education in health care settings."""" Journal of Allied Health 36(4): 231-235."""""	" Interprofessional education (IPE) is regarded by many health care practitioners (i.e., nurses, occupational therapists, physicians), educators, and policy makers as an important activity to enhance the quality of teamwork and patient care. While the focus on developing an evidence basis for IPE has demonstrated the potential value of IPE for improving collaboration and patient outcomes, exploration of key concepts that underpin IPE has been overlooked. In this commentary, we aim to begin addressing this oversight by identifying and discussing key conceptual factors that are critical for the planning and implementation of IPE. We draw upon our prior IPE curricula development and research experiences, as well as the published literature, to argue that seven interconnecting learner-focused, faculty-focused, and organization-focused factors are key to the successful planning and implementation of IPE. We also argue that IPE planners need to be cognizant of all seven factors and how they interact with one another to help ensure they maximize success in their work. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1628	Regan, E., et al. (2014). STRATEGIES FOR EMBEDDING INQUIRY-BASED TEACHING AND LEARNING IN BOTANIC GARDENS: EVIDENCE FROM THE INQUIRE PROJECT. Inquiry-Based Learning for Faculty and Institutional Development: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 1: 175-199.	" Botanic gardens represent a significant educational resource often acting as major providers of a diverse range of formal and informal education programs for people of all ages and backgrounds. INQUIRE was a three-year project focusing on inquiry-based science education (IBSE) that involved 17 partners in 11 European countries that aimed to reinvigorate IBSE in the formal and Learning Outside the Classroom (LOtC) educational contexts in Europe. This chapter presents a case study of successful practices for embedding inquiry-based teaching and learning in botanic gardens. IBSE training courses were developed, piloted, and run. The study based on a qualitative evaluation strategy centers on the examination of the INQUIRE partners' design, implementation and delivery of their IBSE teacher/educator training courses. The findings show that the courses had a positive impact on the participants who learned both theoretical and practical aspects of implementing IBSE in school and LOtC contexts (www.inquirebotany.org) and strong indications of good quality course provision across the project. A greater appreciation of botanic gardens as a learning resource was also noted. The project resulted in significant professional development outcomes and the key factors for success are discussed here. Consequently, this chapter presents evidence from IBSE in action in botany-related topics and provides a strong case for IBSE in botanic gardens."""
NaN		1629	"Regassa, L. B. and A. I. Morrison-Shetlar (2007). """"Designing and Implementing a Hands-On, Inquiry-Based Molecular Biology Course."""" Journal of College Science Teaching 36(6): 36-41."""""	" Inquiry-based learning was used to enhance an undergraduate molecular biology course at Georgia Southern University, a primarily undergraduate institution in rural southeast Georgia. The goal was to use a long-term, in-class project to accelerate higher-order thinking, thereby enabling students to problem solve and apply their knowledge to novel situations. (Contains 1 figure and 3 tables.)"""
NaN		1630	"Reid, A. and S. Marshall (2009). """"Institutional Development for the Enhancement of Research and Research Training."""" International Journal for Academic Development 14(2): 145-157."""""	" Research supervision development often focuses on improving the quality of researcher/student interactions and outcomes. Hence, academic development activity is usually oriented towards the development of individual capacities and practices. More recently, however, the focus has changed to the research enhancement needs of twenty-first century institutions, recognising them as complex, research-oriented workplaces. In this paper we present a model of academic development for institutional change which is situated within the framework of complexity theory: we use a case study based on a large-scale change process to demonstrate our findings. The paper illuminates the position of research-supervisor education as only one element of a complex system of changes that are necessary to effect sustained improvement in the quality of research and research training."""
NaN		1631	"Reifman, A. and J. E. Grahe (2016). """"Introduction to the special issue of emerging adulthood."""" Emerging Adulthood 4(3): 135-141."""""	" This article introduces the special issue on the national Emerging Adulthood Measured at Multiple Institutions data set, its historical background and methodology, and the articles appearing herein. The project aimed to test associations between markers/processes of the transition to adulthood and political attitudes/behaviors, in conjunction with the 2004 U.S. presidential election. Measures in other areas (e.g., psychological health, disability, and media usage) were also assessed. A total of 1,353 respondents (nearly all in the emerging-adulthood age range) participated through 1 of 10 university-based sites across the United States, with students in undergraduate statistics and research methods courses gathering the data. The resulting data set has allowed social scientists to test formulations involving emerging adulthood in new domains, as presented in this issue, and will allow future investigators to do so. The project also dovetails with parallel developments in the promotion of undergraduate research as a source of substantive scientific contributions. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1632	"Resendes, K. K. (2015). """"Using HeLa Cell Stress Response to Introduce First Year Students to the Scientific Method, Laboratory Techniques, Primary Literature, and Scientific Writing."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 43(2): 110-120."""""	" Incorporating scientific literacy into inquiry driven research is one of the most effective mechanisms for developing an undergraduate student's strength in writing. Additionally, discovery-based laboratories help develop students who approach science as critical thinkers. Thus, a three-week laboratory module for an introductory cell and molecular biology course that couples inquiry-based experimental design with extensive scientific writing was designed at Westminster College to expose first year students to these concepts early in their undergraduate career. In the module students used scientific literature to design and then implement an experiment on the effect of cellular stress on protein expression in HeLa cells. In parallel the students developed a research paper in the style of the undergraduate journal ""BIOS"""" to report their results. HeLa cells were used to integrate the research experience with the Westminster College """"Next Chapter"""" first year program, in which the students explored the historical relevance of HeLa cells from a sociological perspective through reading """"The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks"""" by Rebecca Skloot. In this report I detail the design, delivery, student learning outcomes, and assessment of this module, and while this exercise was designed for an introductory course at a small primarily undergraduate institution, suggestions for modifications at larger universities or for upper division courses are included. Finally, based on student outcomes suggestions are provided for improving the module to enhance the link between teaching students skills in experimental design and execution with developing student skills in information literacy and writing."""""
NaN		1633	"Resendes, K. K., et al. (2016). """"Integrating Research Across Biology to Strengthen Senior Capstone Research."""" Cur Quarterly 37(1): 15-34."""""	" Westminster College is a small liberal arts institution graduating about 35 biology and molecular biology majors annually. Ten years ago our department began requiring all seniors to complete individual capstone research experiences. During the initial years of this new research intensive requirement, preliminary assessment of student research proposals revealed that most capstone students were unprepared for utilizing scientific literature in an effective manner  were inexperienced at reading, interpreting and applying information from the literature  had difficulty identifying their own questions within their areas of interest  and failed to see the relevance of their work in real-world situations. Their lack of preparation in these areas diminished their enthusiasm and motivation for the capstone experience, which resulted in an unwillingness to take ownership of their capstone projects, leading to unsatisfactory student performance. Therefore, in 2011 we revised our introductory and intermediate biology courses in order to better prepare our students for the goals and objectives of our capstone course as well to provide students with the skills needed for a broad range of careers in the biological sciences. This article highlights the revisions made throughout our curriculum so that students could: (1) gain more experience with scientific literature  (2) develop better questions and testable hypotheses based on current knowledge  (3) improve experimental design as well as understanding of how to collect, analyze, and interpret data  and (4) report findings and conclusions in a more effective and professional manner. Following implementation of our curricular revisions, qualitative and quantitative assessment indicated that a number of our goals and objectives are being achieved. Student understanding and application of the scientific process has shown noticeable improvement, which has ultimately led to improvements in the quality of our students' research experience."""
NaN		1634	"Reversi, S., et al. (2007). """"The Quality of Disabled Students' School Integration : A Research Experience in the Italian State School System."""" School Psychology International 28(4): 403-418."""""	" The aim of this study was to assess the quality of school integration for disabled students in the Italian state school system, according to two criteria: the mainstream and the special teachers' point of view concerning the disabled students' social and syllabus integration, and the sense of loneliness of the disabled students in their classes. Ninety-one classes in 36 schools in three Italian cities, Padova, Roma and Messina participated in the study. Two different questionnaires were administered to 85 mainstream teachers, 88 special teachers, 102 disabled students and 102 non-disabled students. For the teachers' questionnaires, both special and mainstream teachers showed a positive evaluation of the disabled students' social and syllabus integration. The disabled and non-disabled students showed quite a low sense of loneliness in their classes, although the disabled students showed a higher level of loneliness in their classes. Some factors, e.g. gender, number of disabled students in class, seemed to affect this result. Our results confirm the need to monitor constantly the quality of school integration, and to investigate this process by further research, in order to improve our educational practices with disabled students. (Contains 11 tables and 9 notes.)"""
NaN		1635	"Reynolds, B., et al. (2009). """"Increasing Student Awareness of and Interest in Engineering as a Career Option through Design-Based Learning."""" International Journal of Engineering Education 25(4): 788-798."""""	" This paper describes a rigorous summer research experience and curriculum development opportunity for teachers, supported by professional development and classroom support, culminating with a citywide student design competition. The goal of this Research Experience for Teachers program was to bring real world innovative design into several urban, high school classrooms. The 8-week summer program comprised an engineering component and a learning science component. The goal of the engineering component was to provide an authentic research experience. Teams of 2-3 teachers were paired with a researcher in a school of engineering to further ongoing research of a product realization project. The goal of the learning science component was to scaffold teachers to develop a design-based immersion unit that they would implement in their science classrooms. Teams were organised by their content areas and provided professional development at a learning research center around relevant curriculum development strategies. This paper presents results related to common sets of knowledge and skills that teachers learned from both engineering design and learning science from the cohorts of teachers over the last three years. Findings include documentation of implementation success, changes of leachers' and students' beliefs about engineering and increases in student interest in engineering careers."""
NaN		1636	"Reynolds, D., et al. (2013). """"STEM High School Teaching Enhancement through Collaborative Engineering Research on Extreme Winds."""" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 14(1): 12-19."""""	" The Research Experiences for Teachers (RET) program on Hazard Mitigation at the University of Texas at Arlington (UT Arlington) involved area high school STEM teachers in engineering research with faculty and graduate students. The primary objective of the project was to train participating teachers in inquiry based research learning, research design, execution and implementation, and eventually to apply this knowledge of engineering and technological innovation to their high school STEM classrooms. The National Science Foundation (NSF) funded project included seven research projects with the common theme of natural and man-made hazards. The RET extreme wind project setup and results are described in this article. The project was implemented through classroom lectures, hands on training, field trips and workshops, enhanced lesson plans for high schools, and teacher professional development. The project had significant positive impact on enhancing the engineering research interest of the participating teachers. The classroom learning experience of the high school students of these teachers were greatly enhanced through the RET knowledge and enhanced lesson plans, increasing their interest in engineering as a career. (Contains 3 tables and 9 figures.)"""
NaN		1637	"Reynolds, H. Y. (2008). """"In choosing a research health career, mentoring is essential."""" Lung 186(1): 1-6."""""	" An academic career in medical research can be wonderfully rewarding if the new biologic and health knowledge one discovers is later translated into the design of better health care strategies or clinical therapy. With so many new investigative methods available, this seems to be an opportune time to enter the research field. However, the seemingly limitless possibilities for discovery might not be realized if an ample new investigator work force is not maintained. Preparing and training young investigators are included in the primary mission of the National Institutes of Health (NIH),which is to support and facilitate scientific research. The National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) is very involved in research training, as are the professional pulmonary societies, patient disease-related organizations, and pharmaceutical companies who support this partnership. This perspective will review ways, young students initially may become interested in science and perhaps medicine through the help of mentors, and exposure to early research opportunities that allow them to experience the excitement of science. Then, later career development strategies will be presented that might further the interest of undergraduate and young health professionals to pursue medical research. As creative and spirited mentoring efforts are often very important in career selection, current approaches need to be critiqued for improvement."""
NaN		1638	"Reynolds, J. A. and R. J. Thompson (2011). """"Want to Improve Undergraduate Thesis Writing? Engage Students and Their Faculty Readers in Scientific Peer Review."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 10(2): 209-215."""""	" One of the best opportunities that undergraduates have to learn to write like a scientist is to write a thesis after participating in faculty-mentored undergraduate research. But developing writing skills doesn't happen automatically, and there are significant challenges associated with offering writing courses and with individualized mentoring. We present a hybrid model in which students have the structural support of a course plus the personalized benefits of working one-on-one with faculty. To optimize these one-on-one interactions, the course uses BioTAP, the Biology Thesis Assessment Protocol, to structure engagement in scientific peer review. By assessing theses written by students who took this course and comparable students who did not, we found that our approach not only improved student writing but also helped faculty members across the department--not only those teaching the course--to work more effectively and efficiently with student writers. Students who enrolled in this course were more likely to earn highest honors than students who only worked one-on-one with faculty. Further, students in the course scored significantly better on all higher-order writing and critical-thinking skills assessed. (Contains 2 figures and 4 tables.)"""
NaN		1640	"Ribeiro, L., et al. (2015). """"Scientific Skills as Core Competences in Medical Education: What do medical students think?"""" International Journal of Science Education 37(12): 1875-1885."""""	" Background: Scientific excellence is one of the most fundamental underpinnings of medical education and its relevance is unquestionable. To be involved in research activities enhances students' critical thinking and problem-solving capacities, which are mandatory competences for new achievements in patient care and consequently to the improvement of clinical practice. Purposes: This work aimed to study the relevance given by Portuguese medical students to a core of scientific skills, and their judgment about their own ability to execute those skills. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted on students attending the first, fourth and sixth years of medical course in the same period. An assessment istrument, exploring the importance given by Portuguese medical students to scientific skills in high school, to clinical practice and to their own ability to execute them, was designed, adapted and applied specifically to this study. Results: Students' perceptions were associated with gender, academic year, previous participation in research activities, positive and negative attitudes toward science, research integration into the curriculum and motivation to undertake research. The viewpoint of medical students about the relevance of scientific skills overall, and the ability to execute them, was independently associated with motivation to be enrolled in research. Conclusions: These findings have meaningful implications in medical education regarding the inclusion of a structural research program in the medical curriculum. Students should be aware that clinical practice would greatly benefit from the enrollment in research activities. By developing a solid scientific literacy future physicians will be able to apply new knowledge in patient care."""
NaN		1639	"Ribeiro, L., et al. (2016). """"Performance of a core of transversal skills: self-perceptions of undergraduate medical students."""" Bmc Medical Education 16."""""	" Background: There is an increasingly growing trend towards integrating scientific research training into undergraduate medical education. Communication, research and organisational/learning skills are core competences acquired by scientific research activity. The aim of this study was to assess the perceived performance of a core of transversal skills, related with scientific research, by Portuguese medical students. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in 611 Portuguese students attending the first, fourth and sixth years of the medical course, during the same academic year. A validated questionnaire was applied for this purpose. Results: Medical students felt confident regarding the majority of the analyzed transversal skills, particularly regarding team work capacity (72.7 % perceived their own capacity as good). On the other hand, the perceived ability to manage information technology, time and to search literature was classified only as sufficient by many of them. The progression over the medical course and participation in research activities were associated with an increasing odds of a good perceived performance of skills such as writing skills (research activity: OR = 2.00  95 % CI: 1.34-2.97) and English proficiency (research activity: OR = 1.59  95 % CI: 1.06-2.38/final year medical students: OR = 3.63  95 % CI: 2.42-5.45). Conclusions: In this line, the early exposure to research activities along undergraduate medical education is an added value for students and the implementation of an integrated research program on medical curriculum should be considered."""
NaN		1642	"Richard, V. M. and M. K. E. Lahman (2015). """"Photo-elicitation: reflexivity on method, analysis, and graphic portraits."""" International Journal of Research & Method in Education 38(1): 3-22."""""	" In this methodological discussion, the authors detail and reflect on the processes of using photo-elicitation interviewing as a way to align with positive qualitative methodologies, to gain access to participant beliefs and values, and to highlight participant voices through their choices of words and visuals. A review of the literature and an overview of the educational research experiences leading to the discussion are included. Next, the discoveries regarding what is methodologically new and/or valuable concerning this visual method is presented. In the final section, the authors reflexively contemplate aspects of visual methodological processes in an effort to address methodological crossroads of potential and tension including: (1) the potential of decontextualized photos, (2) photos as metaphors of meaning, (3) photos as representations of inherent meaning, (4) participant empowerment, and (5) graphic representation or graphic portraits."""
NaN		1641	"Richard, V. M. and M. K. Lahman (2015). """"Photo-Elicitation: Reflexivity on Method, Analysis, and Graphic Portraits."""" International Journal of Research & Method in Education 38(1): 3-22."""""	" In this methodological discussion, the authors detail and reflect on the processes of using photo-elicitation interviewing as a way to align with positive qualitative methodologies, to gain access to participant beliefs and values, and to highlight participant voices through their choices of words and visuals. A review of the literature and an overview of the educational research experiences leading to the discussion are included. Next, the discoveries regarding what is methodologically new and/or valuable concerning this visual method is presented. In the final section, the authors reflexively contemplate aspects of visual methodological processes in an effort to address methodological crossroads of potential and tension including: (1) the potential of ""decontextualized photos,"""" (2) photos as metaphors of meaning, (3) photos as representations of inherent meaning, (4) participant empowerment, and (5) graphic representation or """"graphic portraits."""""""""
NaN		1643	"Richards, J., et al. (2012). """"Collaborative learning and technology skills development: Evaluation of an online annual grantee meeting."""" Maternal and Child Health Journal 16(7): 1549-1552."""""	" Annual meetings provide the opportunity to communicate with colleagues with similar professional interests and bolster training initiatives. However, the cost of face-to-face meetings, including travel expenses and lost work time, is high. Although face-to-face meetings offer unique advantages, fiscal considerations compel consideration of alternatives. Distance Learning Grantees (Division of Research, Training and Education, MCH Bureau, Health Resources and Services Administration) and MCH project staff conducted their annual grantee meeting online in 2010. The meeting featured project updates and technical skills training over the course of a three-day meeting. Direct costs of the online meeting were low, and evaluations indicated that all participants were satisfied with the online format. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1644	"Richter-Egger, D. L., et al. (2010). """"Improving Student Attitudes about Science by Integrating Research into the Introductory Chemistry Laboratory: Interdisciplinary Drinking Water Analysis."""" Journal of Chemical Education 87(8): 862-868."""""	" The integration of student research into a general chemistry laboratory and an environmental geology course has been evaluated for its effectiveness to improve (i) student attitudes about science and chemistry, (ii) student understanding of the nature of experimental science and the scientific method, and (iii) student perceptions of the application of science and the interdisciplinary nature of science. Students in introductory science courses frequently devote all or most of their time and effort to learning basic laboratory techniques by following predefined procedures that have intentionally predictable outcomes. Though this longstanding model of laboratory structure is an important means of effectively preparing students for future chemical study, it often neglects items i-iii. Students were guided through a research experience by an interdisciplinary team of faculty so that students could begin the research ""and"""" bring it to an appropriate conclusion, including formal presentations, within a single semester. Evaluation of this instructional strategy indicated that students believed they were doing work similar to a research scientist, that they appreciated this opportunity to do research, that it increased how much they like science in general, and that they were more likely to consider majoring in chemistry. The advanced instrumentation, personal relevance of the research, and collaborations (within and outside the department) contributed significantly to the overall success of the project. (Contains 4 tables and 2 figures.)"""""
NaN		1645	"Ried, K., et al. (2007). """"Bursaries, writing grants and fellowships: a strategy to develop research capacity in primary health care."""" Bmc Family Practice 8."""""	" Background: General practitioners and other primary health care professionals are often the first point of contact for patients requiring health care. Identifying, understanding and linking current evidence to best practice can be challenging and requires at least a basic understanding of research principles and methodologies. However, not all primary health care professionals are trained in research or have research experience. With the aim of enhancing research skills and developing a research culture in primary health care, University Departments of General Practice and Rural Health have been supported since 2000 by the Australian Government funded 'Primary Health Care Research Evaluation and Development (PHCRED) Strategy'. A small grant funding scheme to support primary health care practitioners was implemented through the PHCRED program at Flinders University in South Australia between 2002 and 2005. The scheme incorporated academic mentors and three types of funding support: bursaries, writing grants and research fellowships. This article describes outcomes of the funding scheme and contributes to the debate surrounding the effectiveness of funding schemes as a means of building research capacity. Methods: Funding recipients who had completed their research were invited to participate in a semi-structured 40-minute telephone interview. Feedback was sought on acquisition of research skills, publication outcomes, development of research capacity, confidence and interest in research, and perception of research. Data were also collected on demographics, research topics, and time needed to complete planned activities. Results: The funding scheme supported 24 bursaries, 11 writing grants, and three research fellows. Nearly half (47%) of all grant recipients were allied health professionals, followed by general practitioners (21%). The majority (70%) were novice and early career researchers. Eighty-nine percent of the grant recipients were interviewed. Capacity, confidence, and level of research skills in ten core areas were generally considered to have improved as a result of the award. More than half (53%) had presented their research and 32% had published or submitted an article in a peer-reviewed journal. Conclusion: A small grant and mentoring scheme through a University Department can effectively enhance research skills, confidence, output, and interest in research of primary health care practitioners."""
NaN		1646	"Ried, K., et al. (2008). """"General practice research training: Impact of the Australian Registrar Research Workshop on research skills, confidence, interest and involvement of participants, 2002-2006."""" Family Practice 25(2): 119-126."""""	" Background: An intensive 3-day training programme, the 'Registrar Research Workshop' (RRW), has aimed to build research capacity among Australian general practice registrars since 1994. Objectives: To investigate the impact of the RRW on participants' skills, confidence, interest in research and research activity. Methods: Cross-sectional postal survey in 2006 of five groups of registrars who participated in the annual workshop in 2002-2006 (response rate: 64%  77 of 121). Outcome measures included research experience and skills prior to and after the workshop  impact of the workshop on capacity, confidence, attitude and interest in research  and research involvement as measured by publications and grant funding. Results: Self-reported research skills increased over time for the whole group (two-way analysis of variance: P = 0.047), most significantly for registrars with little or no research experience (P < 0.001) and research project participants (P = 0.003). The impact of the workshop on capacity, confidence and interest in research was rated highly (mean 3.5-4.0 ± 0.1 on a five-point scale). Two-thirds of the survey respondents had been research active, 34% presented their findings at conferences, 25% published in peer-reviewed journals and 31% received research funding. Eighty-four per cent of respondents indicated a high interest in undertaking research in the future. All survey respondents recommended the workshop to other registrars. Conclusions: The RRW provides a useful model for effective research training for interested general practice trainees. Such training has the potential to increase knowledge of research methods, which might augment future research activity in general practice. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1647	"Rigby, L., et al. (2012). """"The development and evaluation of a 'blended' enquiry based learning model for mental health nursing students: """"making your experience count""""."""" Nurse Education Today 32(3): 303-308."""""	" To meet the demands required for safe and effective care, nurses must be able to integrate theoretical knowledge with clinical practice (Kohen and Lehman, 2008  Polit and Beck, 2008  Shirey, 2006). This should include the ability to adapt research in response to changing clinical environments and the changing needs of service users. It is through reflective practice that students develop their clinical reasoning and evaluation skills to engage in this process. This paper aims to describe the development, implementation and evaluation of a project designed to provide a structural approach to the recognition and resolution of clinical, theoretical and ethical dilemmas identified by 3rd year undergraduate mental health nursing students. This is the first paper to describe the iterative process of developing a 'blended' learning model which provides students with an opportunity to experience the process of supervision and to become more proficient in using information technology to develop and maintain their clinical skills. Three cohorts of student nurses were exposed to various combinations of face to face group supervision and a virtual learning environment (VLE) in order to apply their knowledge of good practice guidelines and evidenced-based practice to identified clinical issues. A formal qualitative evaluation using independently facilitated focus groups was conducted with each student cohort and thematically analysed (Miles & Huberman, 1994). The themes that emerged were: relevance to practice  facilitation of independent learning  and the discussion of clinical issues. The results of this study show that 'blending' face-to-face groups with an e-learning component was the most acceptable and effective form of delivery which met the needs of students' varied learning styles. Additionally, students reported that they were more aware of the importance of clinical supervision and of their role as supervisees. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1648	"Rikli, R. E. (2009). """"The Role of Master's Institutions in Developing Researchers: Rethinking the Master Plan."""" Quest 61(1): 59-73."""""	" In our increasingly complex society, research and research training in master's institutions is just as critical as in doctoral programs, but with a different emphasis and purpose. In PhD institutions, research programs are generally considered to be for the purpose of advancing knowledge in the discipline and helping to prepare the next generation of university professors. In master's institutions, the primary purpose of research and research training is to facilitate the application of knowledge and to provide advanced educational, creative thinking, and problem-solving skills for graduates who will become the next generation of community leaders, most of whom will not pursue doctoral work. In this article I will (1) review the educational and social importance of research at master's institutions, (2) point out how the nationwide appeal for research engagement at all levels of higher education tends to be at odds with traditional higher education master plans and state funding formulas, (3) discuss the different purposes of research at doctoral versus master's institutions, (4) suggest strategies for increasing research productivity at master's institutions, and (5) offer take-home messages for master's institutions, doctoral institutions, and for state funding agencies."""
NaN		1649	"Risku, H. (2016). """"Situated learning in translation research training: academic research as a reflection of practice."""" Interpreter and Translator Trainer 10(1): 12-28."""""	" Situated learning has become a dominant goal in the translation classroom: translation didactics is being developed in a learner-, situation- and experience-based direction, following constructivist and participatory teaching philosophies. However, the explicit use of situated approaches has, so far, not been the centre of attention in translation theory teaching and research training. As a consequence, translation theory often remains unconnected to the skills learned and topics tackled in language-specific translation teaching and the challenges experienced in real-life translation practice. This article reports on the results of an exploratory action research project into the teaching of academic research skills in translation studies at Master's level. The goal of the project is to develop and test possibilities for employing situated learning in translation research training. The situatedness perspective has a double relevance for the teaching project: the students are involved in an authentic, ongoing research project, and the object of the research project itself deals with authentic translation processes at the workplace. Thus, the project has the potential to improve the expertise of the students as both researchers and reflective practitioners."""
NaN		1650	"Rivera, M. A. J., et al. (2013). """"A Unique Marine and Environmental Science Program for High School Teachers in Hawai'i: Professional Development, Teacher Confidence, and Lessons Learned."""" International Journal of Environmental and Science Education 8(2): 217-239."""""	" Hawai'i is a unique and special place to conduct environmental science inquiry through place based learning and scientific investigation. Here, we describe and evaluate a unique professional development program for science teachers in Hawai'i that integrates the traditional approach of providing training to improve content knowledge, with the overarching theme of scientific inquiry and investigation through short duration research experiences. Ten middle and high school teachers primarily from Hawai'i public high schools participated in the four week, full time professional development course, producing novel place-based lesson plans to execute in their home classrooms. Pre and post analyses of teacher reported confidence levels in teaching ten environmental and marine science topics showed significant improvements after the course. In addition, teachers continued professional relationships with scientists and instructors of the program through synergistic activities including partnering in grant proposal submissions, participating in related university offered programs for K-12 audiences, and facilitating student research internships with university scientists. Despite the overwhelming positive evaluations by teachers of the value and efficacy of the program, lack of funding and access to equipment were reported as anticipated limitations to implementing their newly gained knowledge in the classroom. Nonetheless, the program's success demonstrates that both teachers and scientists can benefit from a course of this nature, and using this framework, other organizations might adapt elements of the course to provide a similar place-based program in their respective back yards. (Contains 7 tables, 2 figures, and 1 footnote.)"""
NaN		1651	"Roane, D. M., et al. (2009). """"Ensuring Research Competency in Psychiatric Residency Training."""" Academic Psychiatry 33(3): 215-220."""""	" Objective: This article discusses the importance of research training in psychiatric residency programs and makes recommendations for enhancement. Methods: The authors examine the literature detailing the shortage of psychiatrist-researchers and the limitations of research training during residency. The authors then describe the Psychiatrists Acquiring Research Training (PART) program at Beth Israel Medical Center that attempts to address this problem. Data collected on resident scholarly activity, including publications and presentations, is presented. Results: Since its inception, all scholarly activities have increased under the PART program. The 89 residents, followed over 5 academic years, co-authored 32 publications, gave 56 presentations, and received prestigious honors such as NIMH fellowships and national research awards. Conclusion: Residents' participation in research has been advanced through participation in PART. Ensuring research competency among all psychiatrists is crucial to providing the best science-based care  PART represents a cost-effective way to integrate research training with psychiatric residency. The authors also discuss opportunities and obstacles to developing research programs as part of psychiatric residency training."""
NaN		1652	"Robbins, E. J., et al. (2008). """"Promoting Active Engagement in Health Research: Lessons from an Undergraduate Gerontology Capstone Course."""" Gerontology & Geriatrics Education 29(2): 105-123."""""	" With National Institutes of Health/National Institute of Aging (NIH/NIA) (R15/AREA) funding, the authors offered a four-credit hour undergraduate research course that was cross-listed in gerontology and sociology. This capstone course was aimed at providing students with the opportunity to (1) gain knowledge about diabetes and racial/ethnic disparities in the management of the illness and (2) develop expertise in secondary data analysis, using the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) data set. Each student designed and conducted her or his own research project and, working in teams, created a team poster and presentation. The authors examine student pretest/posttest questionnaire data, rubric-based assessment of students' work, and mid- and end-of-the-semester student evaluations to highlight three distinct aspects of the course: (1) skills acquired by students, (2) students' evaluation of the course, and (3) successes and challenges of implementing the course. (Contains 4 tables.)"""
NaN		1653	"Robbins, W. J. (2012). """"Critiquing Canada's Research Culture: Social, Cultural, and Political Restraints on Women's University Careers."""" Forum on Public Policy Online 2012(2): 19."""""	" Women are ""starkly underrepresented"""" as researchers worldwide (""""The World's Women 2010,"""" 68). In Canada, for example, men hold over three-quarters of full professorships and top research positions. Dozens of interconnected factors restrain women's research careers. These include """"upstream"""" factors, such as gender, racialization, and class""  social factors, such as unfair divisions of labour in universities and at home  academic culture, which demonstrably does not give women their due "" and political factors, such as a techno-scientific imbalance in the allocation of research funding and a glaring shortage of women in national parliaments. Academic women's life-writing is a valuable source of research on how women experience university careers. Standpoint theorists ask that research be rooted in the experiences and perspectives of the non-dominant or marginalized in order to counter the widespread reality that """"one of the ways in which power structures manifest [their power] is in research and knowledge generation"""" (Burke and Eichler, 43). Canadian academic women's life-writing compellingly depicts and evaluates academic culture, and it offers strategies for survival and systemic change. Closing """"accommodation"""" gaps by implementing family-friendly policies, appointing more women as senior administrators and chairs of selection committees, addressing childcare needs, and synchronizing the K-12 school day with the paid work day is called for as well as fixing """"knowledge"""" gaps by developing holistic methodologies, distributing research funds more equitably, and creating gender parity in politics. (Contains 2 figures and 10 footnotes.)"""""
NaN		1654	"Roberts, K. J., et al. (2008). """"Client encounters in alternative HIV testing sites: Counselors' perceptions and experiences."""" Behavioral Medicine 34(1): 11-18."""""	" In this study, the authors explored HIV test counselors' perceptions of and experiences working with 'difficult' and 'good' clients in alternative HIV testing sites. Trained interviewers made field observations and conducted sixteen 60-minute, semistructured interviews with counselors. Counselors reported 7 main characteristics of difficult clients: (I) uncooperative, (2) mean, (3) inebriated, (4) threatening, (5) 'crazy,' (6) sexually inappropriate, and (7) aesthetically unappealing/overly appealing. They also identified 3 main characteristics of good clients: (I) communicative, (2) responsive, and (3) vulnerable. In addition, HIV test counselors used 4 strategies to deal with difficult clients: (I) received help from other counselors, (2) refused to test or threatened to refuse to test, (3) verbally confronted clients, and (4) 'followed the forms' (ie, asked the necessary questions on the standard risk assessment forms). Results highlight the combined importance of patient characteristics, HIV test counselor characteristics, and the testing environment in contributing to difficult and good encounters in alternative HIV testing sites and point to the need for better training and support services in this area. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1655	"Roberts, P., et al. (2012). """"Developing a Psychology Undergraduate Research Community in a New University."""" Psychology Teaching Review 18(2): 82-93."""""	" Psychology is a science-based discipline in which research is inextricably embedded in teaching and learning activities. Educators use different methods to help students in their learning of the nature of research and the practical skills required to conduct research, with students playing either a passive or more active role in the learning process. This paper details the steps taken at a post-1992 university in the UK to involve final-year psychology undergraduate students as researchers in a staff-led neuropsychology project. The theoretical frameworks underpinning this study were the teaching-research nexus and learning communities. The aims of the project were to engage students in active learning and to foster the development of higher order skills--evaluation, synthesis and reflection--through the development of a learning community. A thematic analysis of student questionnaires identified three overarching themes: Bringing theory alive, critical thinking and problem solving skills, and working in research communities. Staff reflections of working on the project are discussed together with future directions. (Contains 2 figures.)"""
NaN		1656	"Robertson, N., et al. (2014). """"Are my symptoms serious Dr Google? A resource-based typology of value co-destruction in online self-diagnosis."""" Australasian Marketing Journal (AMJ) 22(3): 246-256."""""	" Online self-diagnosis, where consumers engage with technology by applying their knowledge and skills to generate a medical diagnosis without the participation of a health care professional, is commonplace. Although co-creation of value for consumers and e-health service providers (i.e., suppliers of technological interfaces for consumers to self-diagnose) can occur via 'do-it-yourself' diagnosis, we argue that it also has strong potential for value co-destruction. This is because of deficiencies in or misuse of resources (consumer or e-health provider). Based on a review of the service science, information systems and health care literatures, we develop a typology of value co-destruction in online self-diagnosis. It shows that online self-diagnosis can result in value co-destruction of consumers' service process and outcome when consumer resources are deficient or misused (e.g., knowledge) or when e-health provider resources are lacking (e.g., poor quality offerings). The value co-destruction perspective has not been examined previously in this context and is important because it can negatively affect consumers' well-being. A consumer and service focus is missing from research on online self-diagnosis, which our typology addresses. Implications of our typology for providing online health information and more specialised self-diagnosis services are discussed, drawing on a multi-pronged, multi-stakeholder approach, along with future research opportunities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1657	"Robertson, T., et al. (2009). """"Medical students' attitudes towards a career in psychiatry before and after viewing a promotional DVD."""" Australasian Psychiatry 17(4): 311-317."""""	" Objectives: The objectives were, first, to determine attitudes towards psychiatry as a career among medical students currently enrolled at the University of Sydney and, second, to establish the immediate impact on those attitudes of a promotional DVD, released by the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists. Method: Medical students enrolled in the University of Sydney in 2008 were invited to complete a voluntary online questionnaire, in which their attitudes towards psychiatry were explored, and the immediate effects of a 15-minute DVD were ascertained. Results: A total of 123 students participated. Only one student identified psychiatry as their chosen career. Medical students viewed psychiatry as the least attractive specialty for the degree to which patients are helped effectively and in terms of having a reliable scientific foundation. However, it rated well in regard to being intellectually challenging, a rapidly advancing field of medicine, and providing research opportunities and a good lifestyle. Psychiatry is less respected than most other specialties by students and they perceive this discipline to be poorly respected by other medical students and current medical practitioners. After viewing the DVD, there were improved student ratings of the benefits of a career in psychiatry, especially in relation to the specialty being enjoyable, offering effective treatment and having a scientific foundation. There was also enhanced understanding of the role of a psychiatrist in just over half of the participants and increased interest in psychiatry in about 30% of participants. The DVD was most effective in increasing awareness of the diversity of subspecialties available within psychiatry, good lifestyle factors, and the training involved. Conclusion: Among medical students, psychiatry is perceived as unattractive and fails to command the respect afforded other specialties. The viewing of a promotional DVD by medical students was found to be effective in improving their attitudes towards psychiatry and increasing their interest in pursuing a career in the specialty. However, the long-term impact of this modest improvement is unknown and the low survey response rate limits the extent to which the results can be generalized. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1658	"Robinson, G. F. W. B., et al. (2013). """"Shortened version of the Clinical Research Appraisal Inventory: CRAI-12."""" Academic Medicine 88(9): 1340-1345."""""	" Purpose: The original Clinical Research Appraisal Inventory (CRAI), which assesses the self-confidence of trainees in performing different aspects of clinical research, comprises 92 items. Completing the lengthy CRAI is time-consuming and represents a considerable burden to respondents, yet the CRAI provides useful data for evaluating research training programs. The purpose of this study is to develop a shortened version of the CRAI and to test its validity and reliability. Method: Trainees in clinical research degree and career development programs at the University of Pittsburgh’s Institute for Clinical Research Education completed the 92-item CRAI between 2007 and 2012, inclusive. The authors conducted, first, exploratory factor analysis on a training dataset (2007–2010) to reduce the number of items and, then, confirmatory factor analyses on a testing dataset (2011–2012) to test the psychometric properties of the shortened version. Results: Of 546 trainees, 394 (72%) provided study data. Exploratory factor analysis revealed six distinct factors, and confirmatory factor analysis identified the two items with the highest loadings per factor, for a total of 12 items. Cronbach alpha for the six new factors ranged from 0.80 to 0.94. Factors in the 12-item CRAI were strongly and significantly associated with factors in the 92-item CRAI  correlations ranged from 0.82 to 0.96 (P < .001 for each). Conclusions: The 12-item CRAI is faster and less burdensome to complete but retains the strong psychometric properties of the original CRAI. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1659	"Roccetti, M., et al. (2012). """"Playing into the wild: A gesture-based interface for gaming in public spaces."""" Journal of Visual Communication and Image Representation 23(3): 426-440."""""	" Gestural-based interfaces have become one of the fundamental technologies that can determine the success of new computer games. In fact, computer games today offer interaction paradigms that go well beyond the use of remote controls, letting players directly perform exchanges with the objects and characters that compose the virtual worlds that are displayed in front of them. To perform such exchanges, new algorithms and technologies have been devised which include advanced visual recognition schemes, new video cameras and accelerometer sensors. At the same time, other important trends are also quietly emerging in the same domain: game designers, in fact, are slowly shifting their attention out of the walls of gaming fanatics homes, broadening their interests to computer games that can be played in public spaces, as exhibitions and museums. However, to the best of our knowledge, only a very limited amount of research experiences have taken into account the problem of producing computer games, based on gesture-based interfaces that well suit such settings. Hence, in this paper we address the problem of differentiating the design of a gesture-based interface for a console from the problem of designing it for a public space setting. Moreover, we will show that within a public space, it is possible to narrow down the vision algorithms that can well support the recognition of complex actions, whereas solely relying on a simple webcam. In particular, we will describe the design and implementation of an interface that well suits public immersive scenarios, since it is based on a simple and efficient set of algorithms which, combined with the intelligence given by the knowledge of the context of where a game is played, leads to a fast and robust interpretation of hand gestures. To witness this last aspect, we will report on the results obtained from the deployment of a computer game we specifically developed for public spaces, termed Tortellino X-Perience, which has been enjoyed by hundreds of visitors at the 2010 Shanghai World Expo. (C) 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1660	"Rocchi, M., et al. (2016). """"The perspective of undergraduate research participant pool nonparticipants."""" Teaching of Psychology 43(4): 285-293."""""	" Undergraduate research participant pools play an essential role in facilitating research, and many universities rely on them for participant recruitment. There is an abundance of information about those who do elect to participate in research through these recruitment systems but very little about those who do not. The present study examines both undergraduate research pool participants and nonparticipants, and the objective is to explore how they differ in their views. A sample of 483 Canadian undergraduate students (n = 442 participants and n = 41 nonparticipants) completed measures of their impressions of participation, their perceived enjoyment, and their knowledge gained from participating in research and asked to compare this with their impressions of attending class and taking exams. Factorial analysis of variance and χ² results found support for both similarities and differences between both groups. Overall, the results suggest that nonparticipants do not have a good understanding of what is involved in participating in research activities and view it is a potentially aversive or negative experience. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1661	"Rocco, G., et al. (2015). """"Center of Excellence to build nursing scholarship and improve health care in Italy."""" Journal of Nursing Scholarship 47(2): 170-177."""""	" Purpose: This article profiles the establishment and initial phase (2010–2014) of a Center of Excellence (CoE) as an instrument to strengthen nursing scholarship and improve health care in Italy. Approach: This CoE is unique as a non‐university‐based center. The National Regulatory Board of Registered Nurses, Health Visitors, and Pediatric Nurses (IPASVI) designated substantial administrative and funding support to the CoE for advancing nursing education, clinical practice, research development, and research training. Boyer's Model of Scholarship underpinned the CoE's conceptual framework, and its operational infrastructure was adapted from the U.S. National Institutes of Health P20 program award mechanism. Diverse methods included sponsoring research studies by nurse‐led teams, research training courses, nursing education longitudinal studies, evidence‐based practice training, and related pilot studies. Findings: Multiple collaborative projects were conducted via the CoE in conjunction with the successful launch of an expansive digital library and communication system accessible to nurses. The introduction of English proficiency courses was also a unique contribution. Conclusions: The CoE concept is a potential instrument to strengthen nursing scholarship in Italy with potential scalability considerations to other global settings. Clinical Relevance: An overlapping focus on research, education, and practice under the umbrella of nursing scholarship within a CoE while engaging all levels of nursing is important to impact healthcare changes. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1662	Roco, M. C. (2011). The Long View of Nanotechnology Development: The National Nanotechnology Initiative at 10 Years. Nanotechnology Research Directions for Societal Needs in 2020: Retrospective and Outlook. 1: 1-28.	" A global scientific and societal endeavor was set in motion by the nanotechnology vision formulated in 1999 that inspired the National Nanotechnology Initiative (NNI) and other national and international R&D programs. Establishing foundational knowledge at the nanoscale has been the main focus of the nanotechnology research community in the first decade. As of 2009, this new knowledge underpinned about a quarter of a trillion dollars worldwide market, of which about $91 billion was in U.S. products that incorporate nanoscale components. Nanotechnology is already evolving towards becoming a general-purpose technology by 2020, encompassing four generations of products with increasing structural and dynamic complexity: (I) passive nanostructures, (2) active nanostructures, (3) nanosystems, and (4) molecular nanosystems. By 2020, the increasing integration of nanoscale science and engineering knowledge and of nanosystems promises mass applications of nanotechnology in industry, medicine, and computing, and in better comprehension and conservation of nature. Nanotechnology's rapid development worldwide is a testimony to the transformative power of identifying a concept or trend and laying out a vision at the synergistic confluence of diverse scientific research areas. This chapter provides a brief perspective on the development of the NNI since 2000 in the international context, the main outcomes of the R&D programs after 10 years, the governance aspects specific to this emerging field, lessons learned, and most importantly, how the nanotechnology community should prepare for the future."""
NaN		1663	"Rodríguez, S. J. (2008). """"Teachers’ attitudes towards reflective teaching: Evidences in a professional development program (PDP)."""" PROFILE Issues in Teachers' Professional Development 10(1): 91-111."""""	" Reflective teaching is a paradigm that dominates teacher education around the world and most professional development programs include it as a way to improve teachers’ practice. As a teacher educator I am aware of the importance reflective teaching (RT) has on teachers’ professional development. This article reports a research experience with two in-service teachers of English enrolled in a professional development program at a public university in Bogotá who initiated a reflective teaching process through the development of reflective thinking skills. Data were gathered through interviews, observation, videotaping, questionnaires and a diary. Findings showed some teachers’ attitudes towards RT, the possible factors that might have stimulated and lessened reflection, and some of the changes observed in their teaching practice. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1664	"Roehrig, H. G., et al. (2012). """"Teaching Neuroscience to Science Teachers: Facilitating the Translation of Inquiry-Based Teaching Instruction to the Classroom."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 11(4): 413-424."""""	" In science education, inquiry-based approaches to teaching and learning provide a framework for students to building critical-thinking and problem-solving skills. Teacher professional development has been an ongoing focus for promoting such educational reforms. However, despite a strong consensus regarding best practices for professional development, relatively little systematic research has documented classroom changes consequent to these experiences. This paper reports on the impact of sustained, multiyear professional development in a program that combined neuroscience content and knowledge of the neurobiology of learning with inquiry-based pedagogy on teachers' inquiry-based practices. Classroom observations demonstrated the value of multiyear professional development in solidifying adoption of inquiry-based practices and cultivating progressive yearly growth in the cognitive environment of impacted classrooms. (Contains 4 figures and 4 tables.)"""
NaN		1665	"Roesch, F., et al. (2015). """"Promoting Experimental Problem-solving Ability in Sixth-grade Students Through Problem-oriented Teaching of Ecology: Findings of an intervention study in a complex domain."""" International Journal of Science Education 37(4): 577-598."""""	" Our study investigated whether problem-oriented designed ecology lessons with phases of direct instruction and of open experimentation foster the development of cross-domain and domain-specific components of experimental problem-solving ability better than conventional lessons in science. We used a paper-and-pencil test to assess students' abilities in a quasi-experimental intervention study utilizing a pretest/posttest control-group design (N = 340  average performing sixth-grade students). The treatment group received lessons on forest ecosystems consistent with the principle of education for sustainable development. This learning environment was expected to help students enhance their ecological knowledge and their theoretical and methodological experimental competencies. Two control groups received either the teachers' usual lessons on forest ecosystems or non-specific lessons on other science topics. We found that the treatment promoted specific components of experimental problem-solving ability (generating epistemic questions, planning two-factorial experiments, and identifying correct experimental controls). However, the observed effects were small, and awareness for aspects of higher ecological experimental validity was not promoted by the treatment."""
NaN		1666	"Roessing, L. (2007). """"Making Research Matter."""" English Journal 96(4): 50-55."""""	" Eighth-grade teacher Lesley Roessing designed an assignment that makes individual student research useful and accessible to the entire class. She outlines steps students take to create a guide to supplement their reading of ""Waiting for the Rain: A Novel of South Africa."""" She then builds on the research experience in another unit by addressing issues of style and voice through a collaborative research and creative writing project. (Contains 1 figure.)"""""
NaN		1667	"Rogers, D. L., et al. (2012). """"A Strategy for Involving Undergraduates in Research."""" Journal of Hispanic Higher Education 11(1): 55-66."""""	" Increasingly, colleges and universities value undergraduate educational research experiences, though traditional apprenticeship models may be infeasible due to faculty time and resource limitations. The ""embedded researcher"""" method can provide research experiences to large numbers of students within traditional courses while generating valuable data for faculty. Our implementation of this method at a Hispanic-serving university yielded both high student satisfaction and meaningful research data. Advantages with Hispanic undergraduates, limitations, potential modifications, and future directions are described."""""
NaN		1668	"Rogers, D. L., et al. (2013). """"The Embedded Researcher Method for Involving Undergraduates in Research: New Data and Observations."""" Journal of Hispanic Higher Education 12(3): 225-236."""""	" Undergraduate research provides multiple educational advantages, and Hispanic students may reap particular benefits. The ""embedded researcher"""" method avoids difficulties inherent in traditional apprenticeship models, providing meaningful research experience to multiple students within a standard didactic course structure while yielding valuable research data. The authors report implementing this method within an undergraduate course at a Hispanic-serving institution (HSI), with improvements from previous implementations. Outcomes were highly positive. Limitations and suggestions for application at other institutions are described. (Contains 4 tables and 1 figure.)"""""
NaN		1669	"Rogers, S. W. and R. K. Goktas (2010). """"Exploring Engineering Graduate Student Research Proficiency with Student Surveys."""" Journal of Engineering Education 99(3): 263-278."""""	" BACKGROUND Research is considered the essence of graduate engineering education, but knowledge about the engineering graduate student research experience is scarce in literature. Some studies that examine graduate engineering education suggest that students are experiencing educational deficiencies that can affect the research experience. Thus, exploring engineering graduate student research proficiency is warranted. PURPOSE (HYPOTHESIS) This work begins to earnestly answer the research questions "" How proficient are engineering graduate students in research?"""" and """" What factors affect the research proficiency of these students?"""" DESIGN/ METHOD In order to answer the two research questions specifically for the Georgia Institute of Technology Environmental Engineering graduate program, current students in the program participated in two surveys. Survey questions were designed to measure students' perceptions of their research proficiency and to aid in determining student academic motivations tied to proficiency. RESULTS Many students indicated that they lacked research preparation upon beginning graduate study and during the first year of study, lacked development in important research skills like statistics and communicating in writing, and were somewhat hindered in research organization and progress. Regarding academic motivations, students generally valued personal advancement and enrichment over paper publication. Doctoral students overall indicated more preparation with respect to several aspects of research and more value placed on paper publication than did master's students. CONCLUSIONS The surveys provided important findings regarding student research proficiency for the engineering graduate program in question. These findings encourage the exploration of engineering graduate student research proficiency on a broader scale in future studies."""""
NaN		1670	"Romani, M. H., et al. (2016). """"Opportunities and barriers to enhance research capacity and outputs among academic family physicians in the Arab world."""" Primary Health Care Research and Development 17(1): 98-104."""""	" Aim: To explore the current status of academic primary care research in Arab countries and investigate the barriers to its adequate implementation. Background: Research is an essential building block that ensures the advancement of the discipline of Family Medicine (FM). FM research thus ought to be contributed to by all family physicians  nevertheless, its development is being hindered worldwide by several challenges. The amount of research conducted by academic academic family physicians and general practitioners is scant. This phenomenon is more pronounced in the Arab countries. Methods: An online questionnaire was emailed to all academic family physicians practicing in member Arab countries of the World Organization of Family Doctors WONCA-East Mediterranean Region. Findings: Seventy-six out of 139 academic family physicians from eight Arab countries completed the questionnaire. Around 75% reported that they are required to conduct research studies, yet only 46% contributed to at least one publication. While 75% and 52.6% disclosed their interest in participating in a research team and in leading a research team respectively, 64.5% reported being currently involved in research activities. Of all, 56% have attended a research ethics course. Lack of training in research, the unavailability of a healthcare system that is supportive of research, insufficient financial resources, and the unavailability of electronic health records were perceived as major barriers in conducting FM research. Conclusion: Although many physicians in Arab academic institutions expressed enthusiasm to conduct research projects, FM research infrastructure remains to be weak. This demonstrates the need for immense efforts from different parties particularly governments and academic institutions. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1671	"Romeo, G., et al. (2012). """"Teaching Teachers for the Future (TTF): Building the ICT in Education Capacity of the Next Generation of Teachers in Australia."""" Australasian Journal of Educational Technology 28(6): 16."""""	" The ""Teaching Teachers for the Future"""" (TTF) project is a unique nationally significant project funded by the Australian Government through the Department of Employment, Education and Workplace Relations (DEEWR, Au$8.8 million) and the Information and Communication Technology Innovation Fund (ICTIF). This 2011-2012 project has ambitiously attempted to build the ICT education (ICTE) capacity of the next generation of Australian teachers through its focus on pre-service teachers, teacher educators and the new Australian Curriculum. This paper will provide an overview of the project including a description of its genesis in a changing educational and political landscape, its structure and operations, its grounding in contemporary theory, the research opportunities it has engendered and its tangible outcomes. (Contains 1 table and 2 figures.)"""""
NaN		1672	"Rosenbaum, J. T., et al. (2007). """"Can medical schools teach high school students to be scientists?"""" Faseb Journal 21(9): 1954-1957."""""	" The preeminence of science in the United States is endangered for multiple reasons, including mediocre achievement in science education by secondary school students. A group of scientists at Oregon Health and Science University has established a class to teach the process of scientific inquiry to local high school students. Prominent aspects of the class include pairing of the student with a mentor  use of a journal club format  preparation of a referenced, hypothesis driven research proposal "" and a """"hands-on"""" laboratory experience. A survey of our graduates found that 73% were planning careers in health or science. In comparison to conventional science classes, including chemistry, biology, and algebra, our students were 7 times more likely to rank the scientific inquiry class as influencing career or life choices. Medical schools should make research opportunities widely available to teenagers because this experience dramatically affects one's attitude toward science and the likelihood that a student will pursue a career in science or medicine. A federal initiative could facilitate student opportunities to pursue research."""""
NaN		1673	"Rosenkranz, S. K., et al. (2015). """"Motivating medical students to do research: a mixed methods study using Self-Determination Theory."""" Bmc Medical Education 15."""""	" Background: It is widely accepted that all medical graduates should understand the uses and methods of rigorous research, with a need to promote research to graduates who will pursue an academic career. This study aimed to explore, identify and explain what motivates and demotivates medical students to do research. Methods: A convergent parallel mixed methods study was conducted. Cross-sectional quantitative survey data (n = 579) and qualitative semi-structured interview findings (n = 23) data were separately collected and analysed. Informed by Self-Determination Theory (SDT), quantitative and qualitative findings were integrated to develop a model for the factors associated with medical students' expressed motivation to do research, and related to clinical and research learning activities at different stages in an undergraduate medical program. Results: Only 7.5 % of students had research experience prior to entering the program. Survey results revealed that students who had experienced exposure to the uncertainties of clinical practice through clerkships (Pre-Clinical (48 %) vs Clinical Years (64 %), p < 0.001), and a sense of achievement through supported compulsory research activities which were conducted as a team (Pre-Community Research (51 %) vs Post-Community Research (66 %), p < 0.001), were more likely to view future research activities positively. When integrated with qualitative findings using the three SDT domains of autonomy, competence and relatedness, eight major themes were identified: Self & Time, Career, Bureaucracy, Financial, Confidence, Clinical Relevance, Research as a Social Activity, and Personal Relevance. The findings suggest that motivation to do research is associated with increasing internalization of intrinsic motivators  in particular those associated with competence (Confidence) and relatedness (Clinical Relevance, Research as a Social Activity). Conclusions: SDT is useful for understanding the motivation of individuals and how curriculum can be designed to optimise motivation. Study findings suggest that well supported compulsory research activities that incorporate group learning and elements of choice may promote motivation to do research, and potentially, careers in research, even in a research naive student body."""
NaN		1674	"Rosenthal, J., et al. (2012). """"International environmental and occupational health: From individual scientists to networked science Hubs."""" American Journal of Industrial Medicine 55(12): 1069-1077."""""	" For the past 16 years, the International Training and Research in Environmental and Occupational Health program (ITREOH) has supported projects that link U.S. academic scientists with scientists from low- and middle-income countries in diverse research and research training activities. Twenty-two projects of varied duration have conducted training to enhance the research capabilities of scientists at 75 institutions in 43 countries in Asia, Africa, Eastern Europe, and Latin America, and have built productive research relationships between these scientists and their U.S. partners. ITREOH investigators and their trainees have produced publications that have advanced basic sciences, developed methods, informed policy outcomes, and built institutional capacity. Today, the changing nature of the health sciences calls for a more strategic approach. Data-rich team science requires greater capacity for information technology and knowledge synthesis at the local institution. More robust systems for ethical review and administrative support are necessary to advance population-based research. Sustainability of institutional research capability depends on linkages to multiple national and international partners. In this context, the Fogarty International Center, the National Institute of Environmental Sciences and the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, have reengineered the ITREOH program to support and catalyze a multi-national network of regional hubs for Global Environmental and Occupational Health Sciences (GEOHealth). We anticipate that these networked science hubs will build upon previous investments by the ITREOH program and will serve to advance locally and internationally important health science, train and attract first-class scientists, and provide critical evidence to guide policy discussions. Am. J. Ind. Med. 55:10691077, 2012. Published 2012. This article is a U.S. Government work and is in the public domain in the USA."""
NaN		1675	"Rosenthal, S. L., et al. (2016). """"Parents' and Adolescents' Attitudes about Parental Involvement in Clinical Research."""" Journal of Pediatric and Adolescent Gynecology 29(4): 372-377."""""	" Study Objective: To understand parent and adolescent attitudes toward parental involvement during clinical trials and factors related to those attitudes. Design: As part of a study on willingness to participate in a hypothetical microbicide study, adolescents and their parents were interviewed separately. Setting: Adolescent medicine clinics in New York City. Participants: There were 301 dyads of adolescents (ages 14-17 years  62% female  72% Hispanic) and their parents. Interventions: None. Main Outcome Measures: The interview included questions on demographic characteristics, sexual history, and family environment (subscales of the Family Environment Scale) that were associated with attitudes about parental involvement. Results: Factor analysis of the parental involvement scale yielded 2 factors: LEARN, reflecting gaining knowledge about study test results and behaviors (4 items) and PROCEDURE, reflecting enrollment and permissions (4 items). Adolescents endorsed significantly fewer items on the LEARN scale and the PROCEDURE scale indicating that adolescents believed in less parental involvement. There was no significant concordance between adolescents and their own parents on the LEARN scale and the PROCEDURE scale. In final multivariate models predicting attitudes, adolescents who were female and had sexual contact beyond kissing, and non-Hispanic parents had lower LEARN scores. Adolescents who were older, had previous research experience, and reported less moral or religious emphasis in their family had lower PROCEDURE scores  there were no significant predictors for parents in the multivariate analyses. Conclusion: Parents wanted greater involvement in the research process than adolescents. Recruitment and retention might be enhanced by managing these differing expectations."""
NaN		1676	"Rosenzweig, J. A., et al. (2016). """"Vertical Alignment of Educational Opportunities for STEM Learners: Evaluating the Effects of Road Dust on Biological Systems."""" American Biology Teacher 78(9): 710-716."""""	" In efforts to develop a unique pedagogy for underrepresented high school and undergraduate students, we developed a pilot study to determine the effectiveness of vertically integrating STEM research education from high school students through Ph.D. candidates. The interdisciplinary research project's overarching goal is to assess the impact of environmental pollutants (specifically, platinum group elements found in road dust) on eukaryotic and prokaryotic cells and develop computational models to predict the outcomes of exposure. Ultimately, the project involves elements of fate and transport of platinum group elements in soil, water, and air and their impacts on environmental microbiology, eukaryotic cell signaling, and environmental computational modeling. Our vertically integrated and aligned mentorship model paired high school students with undergraduates, M.S. students, and Ph.D. students in various laboratories. To complement their laboratory research exposure, students also attended professional development seminars on resume preparation, literature mining/searching, preparation of manuscripts, presentation of data, and critical reading of peer-reviewed articles. Our pilot study was very successful in exposing future STEM workers (high school students and college undergraduates) to meaningful research experiences that they translated into seven poster and oral presentations, three review articles (in preparation), three journal articles, and improved attitudes toward STEM careers."""
NaN		1677	"Rosol, T. J., et al. (2009). """"The Need for Veterinarians in Biomedical Research."""" Journal of Veterinary Medical Education 36(1): 70-75."""""	" The number of veterinarians in the United States is inadequate to meet societal needs in biomedical research and public health. Areas of greatest need include translational medical research, veterinary pathology, laboratory-animal medicine, emerging infectious diseases, public health, academic medicine, and production-animal medicine. Veterinarians have unique skill sets that enable them to serve as leaders or members of interdisciplinary research teams involved in basic science and biomedical research with applications to animal or human health. There are too few graduate veterinarians to serve broad national needs in private practice  academia  local, state, and federal government agencies  and private industry. There are no easy solutions to the problem of increasing the number of veterinarians in biomedical research. Progress will require creativity, modification of priorities, broad-based communication, support from faculty and professional organizations, effective mentoring, education in research and alternative careers as part of the veterinary professional curriculum, and recognition of the value of research experience among professional schools' admissions committees. New resources should be identified to improve communication and education, professional and graduate student programs in biomedical research, and support to junior faculty. These actions are necessary for the profession to sustain its viability as an integral part of biomedical research."""
NaN		1678	"Ross, A. (2015). """"Integrating research into operational practice."""" Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society B-Biological Sciences 370(1674)."""""	" Research and development can be classified into three categories: technology adoption, technology extension, and knowledge and technology creation. In general, technology adoption is embedded in operational forensic science laboratory practice but the latter two categories require partnerships with industry and/or academia both to conduct the research and implement the outcomes. In a 2012 survey, Australian and New Zealand forensic science laboratories identified a number of 'roadblocks' to undertaking research and operationalizing research outcomes. These included insufficient time and funding, a lack of in-house research experience and the absence of a tangible research culture. Allied to this is that, increasingly, forensic science research is conducted in a 'commercial in confidence' environment and the outcomes are not readily or cost-effectively available to be integrated into operational forensic science laboratories. The paper is predominantly reflective of the current situation in Australia and New Zealand"""
NaN		1679	"Ross, J. A. and C. D. Bruce (2012). """"Evaluating the Impact of Collaborative Action Research on Teachers: A Quantitative Approach."""" Teacher Development 16(4): 537-561."""""	" The authors extend findings from qualitative research on the effects of action research by reporting two linked quantitative studies (N = 80 and 105). They found that teachers who participated in collaborative action research experienced statistically significant improvements in attitudes to educational research and teacher efficacy. The pre-post changes were robust across conditions of teacher gender, career stage, and qualifications. Teachers benefited more if they (i) recognized the importance of the data analysis and process reflection stages of action research  (ii) participated in action research that was rigorous and/or led to changes in their conceptual understanding  (iii) worked in schools that fostered professional learning  and (iv) had participated in research activities prior to these action research studies. (Contains 2 notes, 7 tables and 3 figures.)"""
NaN		1680	"Rosseland, R. B. and A. L. Culen (2016). """"REPMOVES: STORIES THAT A RHYTHMIC INTERACTION DEVICE FOR SENIORS CAN TELL."""" Iadis-International Journal on Computer Science and Information Systems 11(2): 104-118."""""	" There is currently an ongoing debate within HCI community regarding the legitimacy of design objects as producers and carriers of knowledge. This paper takes a Research through Design methodological approach to making such an object, RepMoves, with a purpose to explore its use and usefulness and demonstrate how new knowledge can arise while exploring and experimenting with design objects. In this paper, RepMoves is used to address rhythmic and repetitive bodily interaction with music as a welfare technology concept for senior citizens with cognitive difficulties related to the onset of Alzheimer's disease, and in one example, an individual with Parkinson. We show how RepMoves interface was adapted for use in each of these cases, how movements and interfaces were changed, and most importantly, RepMoves' potential to generate knowledge and research opportunities."""
NaN		1681	"Roth, L. M., et al. (2007). """"Insights from practice-based researchers to develop family medicine faculty as scholars."""" Family Medicine 39(7): 504-509."""""	" Background and Objectives: National mandates call for accelerating scholarly development of family medicine faculty. One strategy to address these mandates is training more faculty to participate in practice-based research (PBR). We need to determine competencies that enable faculty to conduct PBR, methods,for training faculty in PBR, and strategies to streamline PBR operations in clinics. Methods: Through a qualitative literature review process, we identified faculty knowledge, attitudes, and skills thought to promote PBR. We then conducted structured interviews with a sample of PBR experts to explore their experience with and opinions about PBR: What knowledge, attitudes, and skills support PBR? What types of training will prepare family physicians to participate in and conduct PBR? What factors in the ambulatory clinical setting facilitate the success of PBR? What are the most important barriers to conducting PBR? Results: Recommendations for PBR teaching and learning fell within the topic areas of scope of training, teaching methods, essential knowledge, and organizational environment. The most frequent expert recommendation was that all clinical practice and teaching settings should offer participatory research training for faculty, learners, and staff on an ongoing basis. Lack of funding and scarcity of time are the greatest impediments to conducting PBR. Additional barriers include lack of interest, lack of motivation, and lack of PBR knowledge and skills. Success in PBR Often begins with an enthusiastic PBR champion whose characteristics include passion, initiative, and reflectiveness. Through organizational development, PBR champions can foster enthusiasm and commitment on the part of colleagues, administrators, and staff It is important to continue to enhance PBR skill development opportunities at national meetings and to foster dissemination of PBR findings through presentations and publications. Conclusions: To foster growth and success of practice-based researchers, we should implement and sustain comprehensive multi-level training in PBR and nurture a culture of ongoing inquiry in family medicine. A culture conducive to PBR offers opportunities for continual development of enthusiastic, informed, and skilled faculty whose interdisciplinary teams conduct PBR and develop physicians in training as future practice-based researchers."""
NaN		1682	"Rowan, C. J., et al. (2008). """"Problem based learning in midwifery - The students' perspective."""" Nurse Education Today 28(1): 93-99."""""	" Problem based Learning (PBL) has been adopted in many settings for the education of health professionals. It has generally been evaluated well by students although much of the literature comes from medical education. The aim of this study was to ascertain the views of student midwives at the beginning and at the end of their programme and three months after graduation about the use of a PBL based programme in midwifery. Eight focus groups were conducted with students whilst undertaking a PBL programme from both a shortened and three year programme across two sites. A questionnaire was sent 3 months after graduation to midwives who had completed the programme. Key themes which emerged from this study were that although students gained skills in information retrieval and critique some did not always feet well prepared for practice.-The focus on individual presentations in the tutorial tended to be interpreted as performance rather than discussion in a spirit of enquiry. Students reported being particularly anxious at the beginning of their programme about their learning. They felt that their experience was dependent upon the participation and motivation of the group members. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1683	"Rowan, N. L., et al. (2009). """"Innovative Interdisciplinary Training in and Delivery of Evidence-Based Geriatric Services: Creating a Bridge with Social Work and Physical Therapy."""" Gerontology & Geriatrics Education 30(3): 187-204."""""	" With focus on interdisciplinary education models, social work and physical therapy faculty from two proximate universities partnered to create an evidence-based geriatric assessment and brief intervention research, training, and service project for community-dwelling older adults. Assessment tools and interventions were selected from the literature to develop the service protocols. These selected protocol skills were taught to interdisciplinary teams of students and professionals in social work and physical therapy, and learning outcomes were evaluated. This article describes the process of implementing this innovative multipartner project, the obstacles faced, and lessons learned. Adult learning theory and social cognitive theory served to underpin the project. The objectives were achieved, and evaluation noted many positive experiences in training and service delivery. This multipartner, interdisciplinary project concept can be replicated to improve educational outcomes for students and professionals as they prepare and learn to serve community-dwelling older adults. (Contains 2 tables.)"""
NaN		1684	"Rowe, K., et al. (2016). """"Challenges for sport development: Women's entry level cycling participation."""" Sport Management Review 19(4): 417-430."""""	" Sport participation is an issue of relevance to sport managers, yet it is an often-neglected area of sport management research. Cycling is a particularly complex form of participation to examine given its many formats, including sport, recreational and commuter cycling, and the multifaceted nature of the cycling landscape involving a broad range of stakeholders. In Australia, women are underrepresented in cycling participation and membership (Australian Bureau of Statistics, 2012  Cycling Australia, 2014), yet women show an interest in cycling training courses. The present paper explores motivations, supports and constraints reported by a group of entry-level female cyclists who participated in a training programme accredited by AustCycle, an initiative led by Cycling Australia. We draw on a health and sport development driven framework, informed by social ecological theory (Rowe et al., 2013), and suited to examining the issue of women's cycling participation in Australia. Results show that a range of individual characteristics, and factors within the social and physical environment, were perceived by study participants as barriers to participation. Of these, skill level, confidence, traffic/road conditions, and social support networks held particular relevance. Participants also discussed specific cycling barriers and supports of relevance to certain forms of cycling. Preliminary insights into perceptions held by a group of entry-level female cyclists highlight overlaps between cycling formats and indicate that conceptual advancements in the development of sport, and development through sport could be collectively considered in the context of women's cycling participation. Further research opportunities were also identified. (C) 2015 Sport Management Association of Australia and New Zealand. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1685	"Rowland, S. L., et al. (2012). """"Is the Undergraduate Research Experience (URE) Always Best? The Power of Choice in a Bifurcated Practical Stream for a Large Introductory Biochemistry Class."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 40(1): 46-62."""""	" Science undergraduate courses typically cater to a mixed-learner cohort, with a diversity of motivations and skills. This diversity introduces pressure for designers of the practical laboratory curriculum. Students who are struggling with the course need a series of tasks that begin simply, and transition to more conceptually difficult material. More capable students need opportunities for conceptual extension and creative activity. In this report, we examine an approach we have used to address this problem in the context of a large introductory biochemistry undergraduate class. Rather than attempting to compromise on a single practical series for our 470 students, we devised two parallel but equivalent practical streams and offered students their choice of laboratory experience. One stream (called Laboratory Experience for Acquiring Practical Skills) was designed to allow acquisition of a range of common biochemistry and molecular biology laboratory skills. The other (called Active Learning Laboratory Undergraduate Research Experience) was designed to offer an authentic (but scaffolded) undergraduate research project. We discuss the ramifications and implications of our approach in terms of funding, staffing, and assessment while also examining student motivation, satisfaction, and skills acquisition. We present data supporting the practical and pedagogical value of laboratory exercise streaming to meet the diverse needs of students. We suggest a framework that can be used to pre-emptively identify and address problems associated with a bifurcated practical series and increase the sustainability of the approach. (Contains 6 tables and 4 figures.)"""
NaN		1686	"Roxburgh, C. S., et al. (2014). """"A national survey of attitudes to research in Scottish General Surgery Trainees."""" Scottish Medical Journal 59(1): 9-15."""""	" Introduction: Given the importance placed on awareness and participation in research by Speciality and Training organisations, we sought to survey Scottish trainee attitudes to exposure to research practice during training and research in or out of programme. Methods: An online survey was distributed to core and specialist trainees in general surgery in Scotland. Results: Over a 4-month period, 108 trainees (75 ST/SPRs and 33 CTs) completed the survey. In their current post, most were aware of ongoing research projects (77%) and 55% were aware of trial recruitment. Only 47% attend regular journal clubs. Most believe that they are expected to present (89%) and publish (82%) during training. Most (59%) thought that participation in research is well supported. 57% were advised to undertake time out of programme research, mostly by consultants (48%) and training committee (36%). Of the 57 with time out of programme research experience, most did so in early training (37%) or between ST3-5 (47%). 28 out of the 36 (78%) without a national training number secured one after starting research. Most undertook research in a local academic unit (80%) funded by small grants (47%) or internally (33%). Most research (69%) was clinically orientated (13/55 clinical, 25/55 translational). 56% of those completing time out of programme research obtained an MD or PhD. About 91% thought that research was relevant to a surgical career. Conclusions: Most trainees believe that research is an important part of training. Generally, most trainees are exposed to research practices including trial recruitment. However, <50% attend regular journal clubs, a pertinent point, given the current 'exit exam' includes the assessment of critical appraisal skills."""
NaN		1687	"Rubio, D. M., et al. (2010). """"Defining Translational Research: Implications for Training."""" Academic Medicine 85(3): 470-475."""""	" Because translational research is not clearly defined, developers of translational research programs are struggling to articulate specific program objectives, delineate the knowledge and skills (competencies) that trainees are expected to develop, create an appropriate curriculum, and track outcomes to assess whether program objectives and competency requirements are being met. Members of the Evaluation Committee of the Association for Clinical Research Training (ACRT) reviewed current definitions of translational research and proposed an operational definition to use in the educational framework. In this article, the authors posit that translational research fosters the multidirectional and multidisciplinary integration of basic research, patient-oriented research, and population-based research, with the long-term aim of improving the health of the public. The authors argue that the approach to designing and evaluating the success of translational training programs must therefore be flexible enough to accommodate the needs of individual institutions and individual trainees within the institutions but that it must also be rigorous enough to document that the program is meeting its short-, intermediate-, and long-term objectives and that its trainees are meeting preestablished competency requirements. A logic model is proposed for the evaluation of translational research programs."""
NaN		1688	"Ruble, J. E. and B. Lom (2008). """"Online Protocol Annotation: A Method to Enhance Undergraduate Laboratory Research Skills."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 7(3): 296-301."""""	" A well-constructed, step-by-step protocol is a critical starting point for teaching undergraduates new techniques, an important record of a lab's standard procedures, and a useful mechanism for sharing techniques between labs. Many research labs use websites to archive and share their protocols for these purposes. Here we describe our experiences developing and using a protocol website for the additional purpose of enhancing undergraduate research training. We created our lab's protocol website in a message board format that allows undergraduates to post comments on protocols describing the lessons they learned, questions that arose, and/or insights they gained while learning to execute specific research protocols. Encouraging and expecting students to comment on the protocols they are learning to execute is beneficial for both the student and for the lab in which they are training. For the student, annotations encourage active reflection on their execution of techniques and emphasize the important message that attending to and understanding details of a protocol is a critical factor in producing reliable data. For the lab, annotations capture valuable insights for future generations of researchers by describing missing details, hints, and common hurdles for newcomers. (Contains 4 figures.)"""
NaN		1689	"Russell, B. H. (2015). """"The Who, What, and How of Evaluation Within Online Nursing Education: State of the Science."""" Journal of Nursing Education 54(1): 13-U101."""""	" The resource capacity in nursing programs has a direct impact on student admissions and number of graduates who enter the nursing workforce. Online delivery of nursing education is identified as a solution to expand nursing program capacity. As nursing programs continue to address capacity with online course delivery, it is essential that nurse educators maintain consistent evaluation practices to ensure successful and positive outcomes, compared with traditional models. Evaluation is a central component to determine program quality and mastery of learning outcomes. This article examines the state of the science around the current evaluation of educational practices, instructional strategies, and outcomes within the context of online nursing education. Thirty-six articles met the inclusion criteria. Despite substantive contributions to the state of the science, the findings reflect evaluation practices that are diffuse and superficial and serve as the basis for future recommendations and research opportunities."""
NaN		1690	"Russell, C. D., et al. (2012). """"Perceived barriers to research in undergraduate medicine."""" Medical Teacher 34(9): 777-778."""""	" This paper focuses on the perceived barriers to research in undergraduate medicine. Some opportunities for research do currently exist within UK undergraduate medical curricula, in the form of student selected components and optional intercalated degrees undertaken by a third of students. The two main issues identified as barriers are a lack of time alongside clinical teaching and a lack of awareness of opportunities to get involved in projects. Thus, although the students attending these conferences obviously had found such opportunities to undertake research, there is concern amongst this same group about the paucity of these opportunities. The lack of the necessary research skills is the main barrier and the difficulty in organizing projects. Interestingly, the main barrier identified by students at Scottish Universities is the lack of time whereas students from England and Wales agree the main barrier is a lack of knowledge about opportunities. Worryingly, 42.2% senior medical students identify a lack of awareness of opportunities as the main issue, indicating that current curricula may not promote research opportunities adequately. Initiatives should be established to raise awareness of research opportunities, ensure there is sufficient time to undertake projects and equip students with some of the skills needed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1691	"Russell, J. E., et al. (2015). """"Bridging the Undergraduate Curriculum Using an Integrated Course-Embedded Undergraduate Research Experience (ICURE)."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 14(1): 10."""""	" The traditional undergraduate program of study incorporates a selection of classes that represent a broad spectrum of subdisciplines. Unfortunately, few curricula successfully integrate concepts in all subdisciplines, giving undergraduates the misconception that there is a lack of application or connectedness between class subjects. An integrated course-embedded research experience (ICURE) was initiated to redress this problem by bridging classes within one discipline in an effort to engage undergraduates in a long-term analysis of biodiversity. The approach was both inclusive and longitudinal: 1) the ICURE bridge brought students from different classes and levels of instruction together with faculty members in a research project with a common goal--chronicling the changing face of the local environment in biological terms  and 2) research data collected were maintained and supplemented each semester and year in an online biodiversity database. Analysis of content and attitudinal gains suggested the integrated research protocol increased student comprehension and confidence. Results are discussed in terms of future amendments to instructional design and potential research applications. Though this program was concentrated on one discipline, there is no reason to assume other disciplines could not take advantage of similar research connections."""
NaN		1692	"Russomanno, D. J., et al. (2010). """"MemphiSTEP: A STEM Talent Expansion Program at the University of Memphis."""" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 11(1): 13."""""	" MemphiSTEP is a five-year STEM Talent Expansion Program at the U. of Memphis sponsored by the National Science Foundation. The project focuses on retention and persistence to graduation to increase the number of STEM majors and graduates. The project includes a summer Mathematics Bridge Bootcamp  research experiences for undergraduates  peer-student and faculty-student mentoring  grants for student professional organizations  STEM learning communities  and a faculty seminar on pedagogical approaches to STEM education. Although the project concentrates on all STEM areas across the campus and each year of a student's undergraduate career, mathematics used in science and engineering is a focal point in many of the project's strategies and activities. The assessment results for the first summer Mathematics Bootcamp are presented in detail and lessons learned during year one for other components of the project are discussed. Results show that the Bootcamp was effective in fostering mathematics skills, increasing students' awareness of/interest in STEM courses and careers, and facilitating networking opportunities, such that STEM students may work collaboratively with peers and faculty members. Overall, the paper intends to highlight program activities designed to foster retention and graduation, as well as the successes and lessons learned from year one program activities employed by MemphiSTEP. (Contains 4 tables.)"""
NaN		1693	"Rutledge, M. (2013). """"""""Biology Education""""--An Emerging Interdisciplinary Area of Research."""" Journal of College Science Teaching 42(3): 58-62."""""	" The growing number of faculty positions in biology education, the formation of professional societies focused specifically on biology education, and the increasing number of publications in biology education over the past decade point to the emergence of biology education as a relevant area of research for biologists. Doctoral programs focused specifically on biology education are explicitly designed to produce scholars prepared to advance knowledge in the field, answering important questions inherent to biology education and serving as leaders in biology education reform. However, the limited number of doctoral programs specifically focused on biology education and the growing number of faculty positions advertised for scholars with this specialization suggests there is a need for additional programs with this focus. To address this need, Middle Tennessee State University recently developed an interdisciplinary PhD with a specific concentration in ""biology education."""" The program is a collaborative effort between the College of Basic and Applied Sciences and the College of Education and brings together faculty with expertise in basic biology, biology education, and educational theory and practice to prepare scholars who possess the expansive set of professional skills that will allow them to advance the field of biology education. (Contains 2 figures.)"""""
NaN		1694	"Ryan, M. M., et al. (2012). """"Developing research capacity among graduate students in an interdisciplinary environment."""" Higher Education Research & Development 31(4): 557-569."""""	" A critical review of research to date suggests a need to explore the development of graduate student research capacity from the standpoint of graduate students. Six members of an interdisciplinary graduate student colloquium at the Centre for Youth and Society (Victoria, Canada) offer their perspective. Our research involved four phases, each illustrating the processes that refined our understanding of the components that contributed to the development of our graduate student research capacity. First, we engaged in several round-table discussions and created a conceptual map depicting components that were meaningful in developing our research capacity. Second, we examined previous work on graduate student research capacity development and compared this data to the conceptual map. Third, we conducted a thematic analysis of secondary data of graduated students with similar interdisciplinary training and involvement in the Centre. Finally, the data analysis was used to refine the conceptual map that may benefit educators and future graduate students. From the standpoint of students themselves, we discuss those components perceived as best contributing to the development of graduate student research capacity and highlight the importance of an interdisciplinary context and writing process."""
NaN		1695	"Rydbeck, K. (2010). """"The research circle as a meeting place for researchers and practitioners."""" Information Research-an International Electronic Journal 15(3)."""""	" Introduction. This paper discusses research circles as a method for competence development in the library field. Method. In a research circle practitioners and an academic researcher meet to study an issue or a problem together which they all find important. Research circle work is considered as a kind of action research. Analysis. In this project two circles were put to work in order to try the method in a library context and the practitioners conducted several small studies related to the general problem of the circle, using both qualitative and quantitative methods. Results. The circle work gave opportunities to discuss library matters with colleagues from a distant perspective. It also generated important discussions about how to formulate workable research questions and how to choose the right methods in order to answer them. Furthermore, the results showed that the practitioners possessed knowledge of great importance for the circle's work. Conclusions. The research circle was a working method with great flexibility, with appeal to practitioners both with and without research experience. It also brings academic researchers and practitioners together and creates social networks based on the general problem of the circle."""
NaN		1696	"Ryser, L., et al. (2013). """"Developing the Next Generation of Community-Based Researchers: Tips for Undergraduate Students."""" Journal of Geography in Higher Education 37(1): 11-27."""""	" Universities and funding agencies are increasingly calling for collaborative research between community partners and academics. When combined with faculty roles in training the next generation of researchers, these collaborative frameworks can present a challenge to undergraduate students seeking experience with research activities--both in terms of the types of needed training and the timelines involved. The quality and effectiveness of student research experiences, however, will have longstanding impacts on their future research careers, as well as repercussions pertaining to the community experience with the research process. The purpose of this study is to provide primarily undergraduate students with information about how to get the most out of their community-based research experiences. Given geography's traditional strengths as a field-engaged discipline, community-based research is a natural fit for geography and brings renewed vitality to the discipline. Key topics to be addressed include finding community research opportunities, identifying what you should know and what you should ask before engaging with a research team, how to obtain a breadth of research skills and experiences, researcher etiquette and demeanour in the community, budgeting, time management and developing long-term, meaningful relationships with communities. (Contains 1 table and 4 notes.)"""
NaN		1697	"Sabri, B. and M. B. Klug (2010). """"Statistics used in current social work literature: Curricular needs of undergraduate students."""" The Journal of Baccalaureate Social Work 15(1): 83-90."""""	" This study sought to identify the most commonly reported statistical methods in a section of the social work literature and demonstrate the need for including them in the statistical curricula for social work undergraduates. The authors reviewed 417 articles from Health & Social Work, Social Work, Social Work Research, and Children & Schools in 64 issues published from January 2005 to December 2008. The quantitative empirical research articles (47.9%  n=200) were then selected to ascertain the most frequently reported statistical methods, which were found to be correlation, regression, and chi procedures. This study’s results may contribute to the knowledge of statistics usage in the social work literature and help to define vital emphases for undergraduate research courses in social work. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1698	"Sabzwari, S., et al. (2009). """"Experiences, attitudes and barriers towards research amongst junior faculty of Pakistani medical universities."""" Bmc Medical Education 9."""""	" Background: The developing world has had limited quality research and in Pakistan, research is still in its infancy. We conducted a study to assess the proportion of junior faculty involved in research to highlight their attitude towards research, and identify the factors associated with their research involvement. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted in four medical universities/teaching hospitals in Pakistan, representing private and public sectors. A pre-tested, self-administered questionnaire was used to collect information from 176 junior faculty members of studied universities/hospitals. Logistic regression analysis was used to identify factors related to attitudes and barriers in research among those currently involved in research with those who were not. Results: Overall, 41.5% of study subjects were currently involved in research. A highly significant factor associated with current research involvement was research training during the post-graduate period (p < 0.001). Other factors associated with current involvement in research were male gender, working in the public sector and previous involvement in research. Overall, a large majority (85.2%) of doctors considered research helpful in their profession and had a positive attitude towards research  nevertheless this positive attitude was more frequently reported by doctors who were currently involved in research compared to those who were not (OR = 4.69  95% CI = 1.54-14.26). Similarly, a large proportion (83.5%) of doctors considered research difficult to conduct  higher by doctors who were not presently involved in research (OR = 2.74  95% CI = 1.20-6.22) Conclusion: Less than half of the study participants were currently involved in research. Research output may improve if identified barriers are rectified. Further studies are recommended in this area."""
NaN		1699	"Sacco, D. F. and M. J. Bernstein (2010). """"A video introduction to psychology: Enhancing research interest and participation."""" Teaching of Psychology 37(1): 28-31."""""	" To assess the extent to which a video about psychological research would heighten introductory psychology students’ interest and participation in research studies, we created a video about ongoing research at our university, the value of research participation, and course requirements for the research experience. Instructors in 4 courses (N = 471 students) verbally explained the research requirement and distributed a document detailing alternatives for completing it. In 2 of these courses, students also saw the video. Results indicated that students who viewed the video reported greater interest in research and completed more research participation hours than did students who did not view the video. We discuss the potential advantages of standardized, noncoercive procedures to encourage student participation in research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1700	Sadler, T. D. and L. McKinney (2010). Scientific Research for Undergraduate Students: A Review of the Literature, National Science Teachers Association. 1840 Wilson Boulevard, Arlington, VA 22201-3000. 39: 43-49.	" Engaging students in authentic scientific research has become an important component of undergraduate science education at many institutions. The purpose of this paper is to explore authentic research experiences as contexts for learning. The authors review empirical studies of undergraduate research experiences in order to critically evaluate the outcomes of these efforts. The review is organized around learning outcomes including career aspirations, confidence, nature of science, intellectual development, content knowledge, and skills. The research indicates that undergraduates tend to demonstrate gains in these areas, but the extent to which these gains match expected and possible gains varies across outcomes. This analysis suggests that program coordinators and research mentors should consider length of experiences, engagement of students in epistemically demanding practices, and incorporation of explicit instructional supports."""
NaN		1701	"Sadovsky, Y., et al. (2014). """"Advancing research transdisciplinarity within our discipline."""" American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology 211(3): 205-207."""""	" Advancing biomedical knowledge is crucial to the understanding of disease pathophysiology, diagnosis, treatment, and the maintenance of health. Whereas collaborative pursuits among basic and translational scientists, clinical researchers, and clinicians should advance biomedical progress and its translation to better medicine. The field of obstetrics and gynecology and its subspecialties has not escaped this problem. Obstetrics and gynecology specialists and subspecialists have limited opportunities to interact with translational or basic investigators, and cross-fertilization and collaborations are further challenged by the current healthcare and funding climate. This opinion manuscript focuses on the field of maternal-fetal medicine, serving as an example that illustrates the risks and opportunities that might exist within our obstetrics and gynecology academic community. A Pregnancy Task Force recently sought to identify ways to overcome hurdles related to research training, and ensure a sufficient pool of physician-scientists pursuing pertinent questions in the field. The group discussed strategies to promote a culture of intellectual curiosity and research excellence, securing additional resources for trainees, and attracting current and next generation basic, translational, and clinical scholars to our field. Recommendations encompassed activities within annual academic meetings, training initiatives, and additional funding opportunities. Inferences from these discussions can be made to all obstetrics and gynecology subspecialty areas."""
NaN		1702	"Sahin, E., et al. (2010). """"In-Service Elementary School Teachers' Beliefs in Science Teaching Practices."""" Hacettepe University Journal of Education 39: 296-306."""""	" The present study aimed to (1) determine elementary school teachers' beliefs in using reform-based instructional strategies and traditional teaching approaches in science classrooms as well as their self-efficacy beliefs in science teaching, (2) examine the effect of sex and school type on those beliefs, and (3) investigate the significant predictors of teachers' beliefs in using inquiry-based teaching strategies. The data were collected through implementation of Turkish version of ""Teacher Beliefs toward Instructional Pedagogies Questionnaire"""" to 197 in-service teachers. The results reflected that the participants had strong favorable beliefs in using inquiry-based and technology-enhanced instructional strategies, whereas they did not hold strong beliefs to use traditionally-designed instructional strategies. The results also revealed that private school teachers had significantly higher self-efficacy beliefs than public school teachers. It was found that beliefs in using technology, self-efficacy, and experience in teaching were among the significant predictors of beliefs in using inquiry-based instructional strategies. (Contains 2 tables.)"""""
NaN		1703	"Saka, Y. (2013). """"Who Are the Science Teachers That Seek Professional Development in Research Experience for Teachers (RET's)? Implications for Teacher Professional Development."""" Journal of Science Education and Technology 22(6): 934-951."""""	" To address the need to better prepare teachers to enact science education reforms, the National Science Foundation has supported a Research Experience for Teachers (RET's) format for teacher professional development. In these experiences, teachers work closely with practicing scientists to engage in authentic scientific inquiry. Although there are many RET programs currently serving teachers, there is only a small body of research describing these programs and their outcomes. Just as science learning depends on both cognitive and affective factors of learners, the success of teacher professional development also depends on the cognitive and affective factors of the participants. Thus, the intent of this mixed method research is to better understand how the nature of professional development experiences shape the kinds of teachers that apply, and what this means for the design of such experiences. This study focused on describing the cognitive and affective characteristics of applicants for two different RET programs offered at the same institution. Findings suggest that the profiles of teachers who seek out these professional development programs vary based on the programs' objectives. The findings also suggest that recognition of who is being served in professional development must be considered in the construction of those professional development experiences."""
NaN		1704	"Sakushima, K., et al. (2015). """"Mentoring the next generation of physician-scientists in Japan: a cross-sectional survey of mentees in six academic medical centers."""" Bmc Medical Education 15."""""	" Background: Physician-scientists play key roles in biomedical research across the globe, yet prior studies have found that it is increasingly difficult to recruit and retain physician-scientists in research careers. Access to quality research mentorship may help to ameliorate this problem in the U.S., but there is virtually no information on mentoring in academic medicine in Japan. We conducted a survey to determine the availability and quality of mentoring relationships for trainee physician-scientists in Japan. Methods: We surveyed 1700 physician-scientists in post-graduate research training programs in 6 academic medical centers in Japan about mentorship characteristics, mentee perceptions of the mentoring relationship, and attitudes about career development. Results: A total of 683 potential physician-scientist mentees completed the survey. Most reported that they had a departmental mentor (91%) with whom they met at least once a month  48% reported that they were very satisfied with the mentoring available to them. Mentoring pairs were usually initiated by the mentor (85% of the time)  respondents identified translational research skills (55%) and grant writing (50%) as unmet needs. Mentoring concerning long-term career planning was significantly associated with the intention to pursue research careers, however this was also identified by some mentees as an unmet need (35% desired assistance  15% reported receiving it). Conclusions: More emphasis and formal training in career mentorship may help to support Japanese physician-scientist mentees to develop a sense of self-efficacy to pursue and stay in research careers."""
NaN		1705	"Salerno, T. A. (2009). """"Development of a Laboratory Project to Determine Human ABO Genotypes--Limitations Lead to Further Student Explorations."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 37(6): 361-368."""""	" A multiplex allele-specific PCR analysis was developed to identify six ""common"""" genotypes: AA, AO, BB, BO, OO, and AB. This project included a pre-laboratory exercise that provided active learning experiences and developed critical thinking skills. This laboratory resulted in many successful analyses, which were verified by student knowledge of their phenotypes. However, the design was found to be deficient for the analysis of variants. The limitations in the original allied-health multiplex design were verified through a student designed problem-based laboratory project in an advanced level biochemistry class. Variants were further analyzed in an undergraduate research project using SSCP analyses. The topic of ABO genotyping provides several opportunities for student-centered explorations. (Contains 8 figures and 8 tables.)"""""
NaN		1706	"Salgueira, A., et al. (2012). """"Individual characteristics and student's engagement in scientific research: a cross-sectional study."""" Bmc Medical Education 12."""""	" Background: In light of the increasing recognition of the importance of physician scientists, and given the association between undergraduate research experiences with future scientific activity, it is important to identify and understand variables related to undergraduate students' decision to engage in scientific research activities. The present study assessed the influence of individual characteristics, including personality traits and socio-demographic characteristics, on voluntary engagement in scientific research of undergraduate medical students. Methods: For this study, all undergraduate students and alumni of the School of Health Sciences in Minho, Portugal were invited to participate in a survey about voluntary engagement in scientific research activities. Data were available on socio-demographic, personality and university admission variables, as part of an ongoing longitudinal study. A regression model was used to compare (1) engaged with (2) not engaged students. A classification and regression tree model was used to compare students engaged in (3) elective curricular research (4) and extra-curricular research. Results: A total of 466 students (88%) answered the survey. A complete set of data was available for 435 students (83%). Higher scores in admission grade point average and the personality dimensions of ""openness to experience"""" and """"conscientiousness"""" increased chances of engagement. Higher """"extraversion"""" scores had the opposite effect. Male undergraduate students were two times more likely than females to engage in curricular elective scientific research and were also more likely to engage in extra-curricular research activities. Conclusions: This study demonstrated that student' grade point average and individual characteristics, like gender, openness and consciousness have a unique and statistically significant contribution to students' involvement in undergraduate scientific research activities."""""
NaN		1707	"Salinas-Miranda, A. A., et al. (2013). """"Cutting-edge technology for public health workforce training in comparative effectiveness research."""" Health Informatics Journal 19(2): 101-115."""""	" A critical mass of public health practitioners with expertise in analytic techniques and best practices in comparative effectiveness research is needed to fuel informed decisions and improve the quality of health care. The purpose of this case study is to describe the development and formative evaluation of a technology-enhanced comparative effectiveness research learning curriculum and to assess its potential utility to improve core comparative effectiveness research competencies among the public health workforce. Selected public health experts formed a multidisciplinary research collaborative and participated in the development and evaluation of a blended 15-week comprehensive e-comparative effectiveness research training program, which incorporated an array of health informatics technologies. Results indicate that research-based organizations can use a systematic, flexible, and rapid means of instructing their workforce using technology-enhanced authoring tools, learning management systems, survey research software, online communities of practice, and mobile communication for effective and creative comparative effectiveness research training of the public health workforce."""
NaN		1708	"Salk, J. and M. A. Lyles (2007). """"Gratitude, nostalgia and what now? Knowledge acquisition and learning a decade later."""" Journal of International Business Studies 38(1): 19-26."""""	" We look at the development of absorptive capacity, organizational learning and IJV research literatures since 1996, using our 1996 JIBS paper as our 'centering point'. Taking stock of the timing and patterns of citations to this paper opened up a unique window across time, venues and topics. This permitted us to more clearly position the paper vis-a-vis the contemporary corpus of the different literatures that provided the original context and impetus for us in the early 1990s. The paper has been embraced and carried forward by the burgeoning community of international business (IB) scholars on transitional economies and on IJVs. Although the Hungarian setting circa 1989-early 1990s was one we tended to view as a context to address and test theory-based issues and assumptions from a broader management literature, most indications of 'outward' diffusion of our ideas beyond the IB community have been recent. Indeed, over half the citations have occurred after 2003. We project our take on the current landscape toward the future, providing suggestions about research opportunities."""
NaN		1709	"Saloranta, T., et al. (2016). """"Transforming Undergraduate Students into Junior Researchers: Oxidation-Reduction Sequence as a Problem-Based Case Study."""" Journal of Chemical Education 93(5): 841-846."""""	" In our upper-level undergraduate laboratory course in organic chemistry we focus on a research-oriented task in a context-based and problem-based learning approach. The course starts with a preliminary training period where the students learn how to safely and independently perform synthesis and purification procedures and to operate the most common analysis instruments. In the latter part of the course, the students are asked to perform an oxidation-reduction sequence with a chiral, optically pure terpene alcohol, such as menthol or borneol, as a starting material. This part is presented as a problem scenario and the students, working in small groups, are supposed to plan and execute the experimental work independently. Importantly, the research task presented herein is aimed to promote the undergraduate students' creative thinking as well as the problem solving skills in organic chemistry."""
NaN		1710	"Salsman, N., et al. (2013). """"Student Effort in and Perceived Benefits from Undergraduate Research."""" College Student Journal 47(2): 202-211."""""	" The benefits of student engagement in undergraduate research are well-recognized by many higher education institutions. Increased emphasis on undergraduate research in these institutions has taken many forms resulting in considerable differences across institutions ranging from ""light touch"""" to """"heavy duty"""" involvement of students in the research process. We surveyed 44 undergraduate students who participated in undergraduate research projects in one mid-western university. The survey measured student effort and perceived benefits along many dimensions. Our findings reveal that the total hours worked on research projects is significantly and positively correlated with perceived benefits by students. At a more granular level, student effort was specifically linked to benefits in the areas of communication""  data collection  professional development  personal development  professional advancement  information literacy  responsibility "" and knowledge. Additionally, the total time spent on the undergraduate research project by the research mentor/faculty positively correlated with student effort. Furthermore, higher student effort also evidenced a higher intent to publish the research. Exploratory analyses examined if specific types of work correlated with total benefits. Findings revealed that the total benefits score was significantly positively correlated with tasks including developing a theory or conceptual model, defining the sample, interpreting the findings, and preparing the written report. Thus, our findings strengthen the current trends of increased emphasis on undergraduate research across the board in higher education institutions, and they suggest that """"heavy duty"""" involvement may be most beneficial for students."""""
NaN		1711	"Salter, D. W. (2013). """"One University's Approach to Defining and Supporting Professional Doctorates."""" Studies in Higher Education 38(8): 1175-1184."""""	" The changing market for doctorally prepared workers led one institution to examine its overall approach to defining and supporting professional doctorates. After a review of existing scholarship and internal practices, a white paper was created to capture the various ways that these degrees can be distinguished from the academic doctorate (PhD) at this university. This article summarizes its key conclusions in areas such as relationship to the masters, program goals and foci, research training, the doctoral capstone, and faculty selection. Ways that these recommendations have begun to effect policies and practices at this particular institution are also highlighted, especially program development and evaluation."""
NaN		1712	"Salto, L. M., et al. (2014). """"Underrepresented Minority High School and College Students Report STEM-Pipeline Sustaining Gains After Participating in the Loma Linda University Summer Health Disparities Research Program."""" Plos One 9(9)."""""	" An urgent need exists for graduate and professional schools to establish evidence-based STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) pipeline programs to increase the diversity of the biomedical workforce. An untapped yet promising pool of willing participants are capable high school students that have a strong STEM interest but may lack the skills and the guided mentoring needed to succeed in competitive STEM fields. This study evaluates and compares the impact of the Loma Linda University (LLU) Summer Health Disparities Research Program on high school (HS) and undergraduate (UG) student participants. The primary focus of our summer research experience (SRE) is to enhance the research self-efficacy of the participants by actively involving them in a research project and by providing the students with personalized mentoring and targeted career development activities, including education on health disparities. The results of our study show that our SRE influenced terminal degree intent and increased participant willingness to incorporate research into future careers for both the HS and the UG groups. The quantitative data shows that both the HS and the UG participants reported large, statistically significant gains in self-assessed research skills and research self-efficacy. Both participant groups identified the hands-on research and the mentor experience as the most valuable aspects of our SRE and reported increased science skills, increased confidence in science ability and increased motivation and affirmation to pursue a science career. The follow-up data indicates that 67% of the HS participants and 90% of the UG participants graduated from college with a STEM degree  for those who enrolled in graduate education, 61% and 43% enrolled in LLU, respectively. We conclude that structured SREs can be highly effective STEM strengthening interventions for both UG and HS students and may be a way to measurably increase institutional and biomedical workforce diversity."""
NaN		1713	"Sanchez-Ortiz, A., et al. (2016). """"Application of oxygen during olive fruit crushing impacts on the characteristics and sensory profile of the virgin olive oil."""" European Journal of Lipid Science and Technology 118(7): 1018-1029."""""	" A novel crushing process which involves increasing the level of oxygen during the virgin olive oil (VOO) extraction has been applied to develop new knowledge on the biosynthesis of the compounds responsible for sensory, nutritional, and technological quality of VOO. The singular composition of VOO is the result of a series of physical, chemical, and biochemical processes that occur during its extraction procedure. The extraction conditions, temperature, time, addition of water, and oxygen availability, can modulate the final composition of VOO. The last parameter, oxygen, is a known co-factor for the many endogenous enzyme activities present in the olive fruit, mainly oxide-reductases. The present study focuses on the influence of oxygen during the crushing of olive fruits on enzyme activities and the process yield. Three different cultivars, namely Picual, Arbequina, and Blanqueta, were selected for the study. The increase of oxygen concentration during crushing produces a significant change in the volatile composition and sensory profile  however, no significant differences were shown on the content of fatty acid composition, total phenols, pigments, tocopherols, and qualitative parameters. This could be a useful analysis tool while designing new prototypes of mills or while working with breeding selection programs. Practical applications: The application of oxygen during olive fruit crushing in the oil extraction process has been studied. The information provided by this study enables to increase the knowledge on metabolism pathway in olive fruit while working with breeding selection programs. The present study can be useful to clarify the optimum time, crushing, or malaxation to apply atmospheric control to the VOO extraction. Moreover, the results obtained in this work suggest new research opportunities in order to design new prototypes of mills that allow the modification of the sensory characteristics VOO."""
NaN		1714	"Sanders, C. E. and R. E. Landrum (2012). """"The graduate school application process: What our students report they know."""" Teaching of Psychology 39(2): 128-132."""""	" One hundred and thirty-four undergraduate psychology majors completed a survey assessing their evaluative ratings of importance of factors related to the graduate school application process. Results revealed that students rated issues with research experience, letters of recommendation, and GPA as strongly important. These results support efforts to enhance the preparation of undergraduate psychology students who aspire to attend graduate school. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1715	"Sang, A. N. H. (2010). """"Plastic Bags and Environmental Pollution."""" Art Education 63(6): 39-43."""""	" The ""Hong Kong Visual Arts Curriculum Guide,"""" covering Primary 1 to Secondary 3 grades (Curriculum Development Committee, 2003), points to three domains of learning in visual arts: (1) visual arts knowledge""  (2) visual arts appreciation and criticism "" and (3) visual arts making. The """"Guide"""" suggests learning should develop students' generic skills, such as communication, creativity, critical thinking, and problem solving, and teachers should change from being transmitters of knowledge to being facilitators, and helping students become active learners. One of the teaching approaches suggested in the curriculum guide is inquiry-based learning, which encourages students to explore materials for visual arts appreciation and artmaking, and helps them to be aware of and sensitive to their surroundings. This article presents a three-lesson unit focusing on environmental pollution that the four student teachers at the Hong Kong Institute of Education used to develop the drawing and design skills, awareness of environmental issues, and communication skills of the primary (elementary) school students they were working with. The plastic bag was chosen as a lesson topic because pollution is a familiar issue for primary school students. The first lesson focused on the awareness of environmental issues""  the second focused on drawing and design knowledge  the third focused on how to use text and images to communicate ideas and feelings."""
NaN		1716	Sangra, A., et al. (2015). CONNECTING INQUIRY-BASED LEARNING WITH COLLABORATIVE WORK IN ONLINE EDUCATION. Inquiry-Based Learning for Multidisciplinary Programs: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 3: 211-232.	" This chapter aims to show how the inquiry-based learning (IBL) approach can be successfully used in online education. To this purpose, we will present the experience of the Digital Competence Program at the Universitat Oberta de Catalunya, which is designed considering the principles of collaborative work, implemented with a wide range of educational resources taking advantage of ICT benefits, is delivered online, and is finally evaluated from opinions voiced by students. In addition, it is a good example of a multidisciplinary approach since it covers several disciplines and helps to acquire a number of skills that professionals require in their personal and social environments and at the workplace."""
NaN		1717	"Sangster, S. L., et al. (2016). """"Engaging First-year University Students in Research: Promise, Potentials, and Pitfalls."""" Canadian Journal for the Scholarship of Teaching and Learning 7(1)."""""	" In 2014, the Undergraduate Research Initiative at the University of Saskatchewan implemented a pilot project to organize, support, and promote curriculum-based research experience as an integral aspect of participating first-year courses. The framework for the course-based initiative was the research arc  usually in groups, students in these classes would develop a research question, investigate it using discipline-appropriate methodologies, and disseminate the results. Nine classes (Agriculture, Animal Bioscience, Environmental Science, Women's and Gender Studies, Psychology, Kinesiology, and Interdisciplinary Studies) participated in this program pilot. There were four key agents in the program: faculty instructors, research coaches, students in participating first-year classes, and university administrative staff. This preliminary evaluation of the pilot suggests that first-year undergraduate research experiences have potential to benefit the undergraduate student participants as well as the faculty and research coaches involved. The primary benefits that faculty reported experiencing included an increased interest in ways to engage learners, reexamination of and reflection on their teaching strategies, the pragmatic support of a research coach helping with their work load, and an invigoration of their research. The primary benefits to research coaches included enhancement of their professional skills, experience in lesson planning and facilitation, CV building, and an ideology shift in how to best facilitate learning for undergraduate students. The most prominent benefits for undergraduate students appeared to be that they gained a better idea about how researchers think and work, that they increased their understanding of how research works, and that their own research and professional skills had improved. Early, bottom-up evaluation identified characteristics of implementation that appear to best facilitate achievement of the initiative's outcomes and identified the potential pitfall of imposing outcomes, from related but distinct initiatives, that may not be achievable or optimal in in the setting of first-year classes. The results of this evaluation suggest that rather than gaining clarity or focus, first-year students in course-based research experiences might gain awareness of their personal potential, of the potential of research, and of their career/educational options."""
NaN		1718	"Sankar, C. S., et al. (2009). """"Preparing Students for Global Research Experiences: US-India Summer Projects."""" International Journal of Engineering Education 25(5): 1046-1058."""""	" The National Academy of Engineering report, Educating the Engineer of 2020, calls for system wide efforts to align our nation's engineering curriculum and engineering profession with the needs of today's global, knowledge-driven economy for the purpose of increasing student interest in engineering careers. We developed an innovative global internship program fir which students researched real-world problems in another country and then documented their research experiences by means of multi-media case studies. This paper describes the methodology, collaboration among US and Indian universities in order to conduct the internship programme, the project timeline and execution, an overview of the projects and an evaluation of the value of the experience to the participants. The evaluation shows that the students perceived that they are more informed about global issues, are better prepared to deal with the future, obtained real-world experiences, and improved their higher-order cognitive skills due to their participation in this project."""
NaN		1719	"Sankaranarayanan, R., et al. (2008). """"Human Papillomavirus Infection and Cervical Cancer Prevention in India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and Nepal."""" Vaccine 26: M43-M52."""""	" Although one-third of the world cervical cancer burden is endured in India, Bangladesh, Nepal and Sri Lanka, there are important gaps in our knowledge of the distribution and determinants of the disease in addition to inadequate investments in screening, diagnosis and treatment in these countries. Prevalence of human papillomavirus (HPV) infection among the general populations varies from 7-14% and the age-specific prevalence across age groups is constant with no clear peak in young women. This observation may be the result of a low clearance rate of incident infections, frequent re-infection/reactivation, limited or no data in target high-risk age groups (teenagers), and sexual behavioural patterns in the population. High-risk HPV types were found in 97% of vertical cancers, and HPV-16 and 18 were found in 80% of cancers in India. Beyond research studies, demonstration projects and provincial efforts in selected districts, there are no serious initiatives to introduce population-based screening by public health authorities in these countries. Cervical cancer is a relatively neglected disease in terms of advocacy, screening and prevention from professional or public health organizations. Cytology, HPV testing and visual screening with acetic acid (VIA) or Lugol's iodine (VILI) are known to be accurate and effective methods to detect cervical cancer and could contribute to the reduction of disease in these countries. While HPV vaccination provides hope for the future, several barriers prohibit the introduction of prophylactic vaccines in these countries such as high costs and low public awareness of cervical cancer. Efforts to implement screening based on the research experiences in the region offer the only currently viable means of rapidly reducing the heavy burden of disease. (c) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1720	"Santamaria, P. (2010). """"The Long and Winding Road to Understanding and Conquering Type 1 Diabetes."""" Immunity 32(4): 437-445."""""	" Autoimmune diseases with high population prevalence such as type 1 diabetes (T1D) develop as a result of ill-defined interactions between putative environmental triggers and a constellation of genetic elements scattered throughout the genome. In T1D, these interactions somehow trigger a loss of tolerance to pancreatic p cells, manifested in the form of a chronic autoimmune response that mobilizes virtually every cell type of the immune system and progressively erodes the host's 1 cell mass. The five accompanying review articles focus on key areas of T1D research, ranging from genetics and pathogenesis to prediction and therapy. Here, I attempt to integrate and bring into focus the most salient points of these reviews in the context of other findings, with an emphasis on identifying knowledge gaps and research opportunities."""
NaN		1721	"Santas, A. J. (2009). """"Reciprocity within Biochemistry and Biology Service-Learning."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 37(3): 143-151."""""	" Service-learning has become a popular pedagogy because of its numerous and far-reaching benefits (e.g. student interest, engagement, and retention). In part, the benefits are a result of the student learning while providing a service that reflects a true need--not simply an exercise. Although service-learning projects have been developed in the areas of Biochemistry and Biology, many do not require reciprocity between the student and those being served. A reciprocal relationship enables a depth in learning as students synthesize and integrate their knowledge while confronting a real-life need. A novel reciprocal service-learning project within a three-semester undergraduate research course in the areas of Biochemistry and Biology is presented. The goal of the project was agreed upon through joint meetings with the partner institution (The Wilds) to develop an in-house competitive ELISA pregnane diol assay. Student progress and achievements were followed through the use of rubrics and progress-meetings with The Wilds. A portfolio provided a visual of progress as it contained both the written assignments as well as the rubric. The article describes a specific reciprocal biochemistry and biology service-learning project and provides recommendations on how to adapt this service-learning design for use in other research courses. (Contains 3 tables.)"""
NaN		1722	"Santau, A. O., et al. (2010). """"US Urban Elementary Teachers' Knowledge and Practices in Teaching Science to English Language Learners: Results from the first year of a professional development intervention."""" International Journal of Science Education 32(15): 2007-2032."""""	" The study examined US elementary teachers' knowledge and practices in four key domains of science instruction with English language learning (ELL) students. The four domains included: (1) teachers' knowledge of science content, (2) teaching practices to promote scientific understanding, (3) teaching practices to promote scientific inquiry, and (4) teaching practices to support English language development during science instruction. The study was part of a larger five-year research and development intervention aimed at promoting science and literacy achievement of ELL students in urban elementary schools. It involved 32 third grade, 21 fourth grade, and 17 fifth grade teachers participating in the first-year implementation of the intervention. Based on teachers' questionnaire responses and classroom observation ratings, results indicated that (1) teachers' knowledge and practices were within the bounds of acceptability but short of reform-oriented practices and (2) grade-level differences existed, especially between Grades 3 and 5."""
NaN		1723	"SantoDomingo, A. F., et al. (2016). """"Ecosystem Research Experience with Two Indigenous Communities of Colombia: The Ecohealth Calendar as a Participatory and Innovative Methodological Tool."""" Ecohealth 13(4): 687-697."""""	" Eco-bio-social factors may increase or decrease a community's susceptibility to vector-borne disease transmission. Traditional studies have contributed information about the association between eco-bio-social factors and health outcomes, but few have provided this information in an integrative way characterizing annual dynamics among indigenous communities. Transdisciplinary research was conducted with the Bari of Karikachaboquira and the Wayuu of Marbacella and El Horno, using qualitative and participatory methods, including seasonal graphics, semi-structured interviews, geo-referencing routes, and participatory observation. The information was triangulated and discussed with local actors in order to validate and complement the results. An ecohealth calendar was obtained for each community, linking the socioecological dynamics to specific diseases, especially malaria. Local dynamics can change, depending on environmental conditions, and these determine the presence or absence of diseases. For both communities, the rainy season is the period with the greatest proliferation of mosquitoes (including Anopheles spp.), during which malaria cases occur. The ecohealth calendar integrates eco-bio-social information from local communities, through participatory and potentially empowering processes, into a comprehensive layout. This can break down the conceptual, demographic, and cultural barriers in the context of community-based interventions and research to action based on an ecosystem framework."""
NaN		1724	"Santos-Heredia, C. and E. Andresen (2014). """"Upward movement of buried seeds: another ecological role of dung beetles promoting seedling establishment."""" Journal of Tropical Ecology 30: 409-417."""""	" Dung beetles are known to perform important ecological functions, such as secondary seed dispersal of vertebrate-defecated seeds. We found that dung beetles also move buried seeds upwards, with positive consequences for seedling establishment. In the Lacandon rain forest of southern Mexico we conducted field experiments to address three questions: (1) What proportions of different-sized seeds buried by dung beetles are exhumed by them? (2) Does upward relocation of seeds caused by dung beetle activity promote seedling establishment? (3) Does recurrent beetle activity increase seedling establishment? Using 4-mm, 8-mm and 12-mm beads as seed mimics, embedded in howler-monkey dung, we found that 2-6% of buried beads were later exhumed by beetles, with smaller beads exhumed more often. In small plots (N = 100) where beetles were allowed to bury dung and seed rain was excluded, seedling establishment was over three times higher compared with plots without beetle activity. In plots (N = 8) where we placed dung on four occasions in 1 mo, seedling establishment was more than twice as high compared with plots with single-time dung placement. We believe that our findings open up interesting research opportunities to help further elucidate this newly discovered ecological function of dung beetles."""
NaN		1725	"Sarkis, J., et al. (2011). """"An organizational theoretic review of green supply chain management literature."""" International Journal of Production Economics 130(1): 1-15."""""	" Green supply chain management (GSCM) has gained increasing attention within both academia and industry. As the literature grows, finding new directions by critically evaluating the research and identifying future directions becomes important in advancing knowledge for the field. Using organizational theories to help categorize the literature provides opportunities to address both the objectives of understanding where the field currently stands and identifying research opportunities and directions. After providing a background discussion on GSCM, we categorize and review recent GSCM literature under nine broad organizational theories, with a special emphasis on investigation of adoption, diffusion and outcomes of GSCM practices. Within this review framework, we also identify GSCM research questions that are worthy of investigation. Additional organizational theories which are considered valuable for future GSCM research are also identified with a conclusion for this review. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1726	"Sarmah, S., et al. (2016). """"Using Zebrafish to Implement a Course-Based Undergraduate Research Experience to Study Teratogenesis in Two Biology Laboratory Courses."""" Zebrafish 13(4): 293-304."""""	" A course-based undergraduate research experience (CURE) spanning three semesters was introduced into freshman and sophomore biology classes, with the hypothesis that participation in a CURE affects skills in research, communication, and collaboration, which may help students persist in science. Student research projects were centered on the hypothesis that nicotine and caffeine exposure during early development affects gastrulation and heart development in zebrafish. First, freshmen generated original data showing distinct effects of embryonic nicotine and caffeine exposure on zebrafish heart development and function. Next, Cell Biology laboratory students continued the CURE studies and identified novel teratogenic effects of nicotine and caffeine during gastrulation. Finally, new freshmen continued the CURE research, examining additional toxicant effects on development. Students designed new protocols, made measurements, presented results, and generated highquality preliminary data that were studied in successive semesters. By implementing this project, the CURE extended faculty research and provided a scalable model to address national goals to involve more undergraduates in authentic scientific research. In addition, student survey results support the hypothesis that CUREs provide significant gains in student ability to (1) design experiments, (2) analyze data, and (3) make scientific presentations, translating into high student satisfaction and enhanced learning."""
NaN		1728	"Sato, B. K., et al. (2014). """"Practice Makes Pretty Good: Assessment of Primary Literature Reading Abilities across Multiple Large-Enrollment Biology Laboratory Courses."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 13(4): 677-686."""""	" Primary literature is essential for scientific communication and is commonly utilized in undergraduate biology education. Despite this, there is often little time spent training our students how to critically analyze a paper. To address this, we introduced a primary literature module in multiple upper-division laboratory courses. In this module, instructors conduct classroom discussions that dissect a paper as researchers do. While previous work has identified classroom interventions that improve primary literature comprehension within a single course, our goal was to determine whether including a scientific paper module in our classes could produce long-term benefits. On the basis of performance in an assessment exam, we found that our module resulted in longitudinal gains, including increased comprehension and critical-thinking abilities in subsequent lab courses. These learning gains were specific to courses utilizing our module, as no longitudinal gains were seen in students who had taken other upper-division labs that lacked extensive primary literature discussion. In addition, we assessed whether performance on our assessment correlated with a variety of factors, including grade point average, course performance, research background, and self-reported confidence in understanding of the article. Furthermore, all of the study conclusions are independent of biology disciplines, as we observe similar trends within each course."""
NaN		1727	"Sato, B. K., et al. (2015). """"The Grass Isn't Always Greener: Perceptions of and Performance on Open-Note Exams."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 14(2): 10."""""	" Undergraduate biology education is often viewed as being focused on memorization rather than development of students' critical-thinking abilities. We speculated that open-note testing would be an easily implemented change that would emphasize higher-order thinking. As open-note testing is not commonly used in the biological sciences and the literature on its effects in biology education is sparse, we performed a comprehensive analysis of this intervention on a primary literature--based exam across three large-enrollment laboratory courses. Although students believed open-note testing would impact exam scores, we found no effect on performance, either overall or on questions of nearly all Bloom's levels. Open-note testing also produced no advantage when examined under a variety of parameters, including research experience, grade point average, course grade, prior exposure to primary literature--focused laboratory courses, or gender. Interestingly, we did observe small differences in open-and closed-note exam performance and perception for students who experienced open-note exams for an entire quarter. This implies that student preparation or in-test behavior can be altered by exposure to open-note testing conditions in a single course and that increased experience may be necessary to truly understand the impact of this intervention."""
NaN		1729	"Sattenstall, M. and S. Freeman (2009). """"Integrated learning: An EBL approach to pharmaceutical chemistry."""" Pharmacy Education: An International Journal of Pharmaceutical Education 9(1): 1-5."""""	" This paper reports on the evaluation of an enquiry based learning (EBL) module in pharmaceutical chemistry which has been developed for first year pharmacy students. The module aims to encourage integration of knowledge within the multi-disciplinary pharmacy degree, leading to an appreciation of the importance that chemical properties have on the action of medicines. In teams, students selected a therapeutic area and medicines for its management. Following an introductory workshop, the teams completed an information retrieval and analysis exercise. Assessment included a poster or oral presentation, which confirmed, through questioning, that the teams appropriately applied chemical properties of their medicines to broadly rationalise their clinical efficacy. Evaluation by questionnaire showed that the students rated the module as being of relevance to pharmacy. Evaluation and peer assessment provided evidence of the development of key skills, and also showed that networking of teams of first year students from diverse backgrounds had social and academic benefits. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1730	"Satyanarayana, P. and E. D. Meduri (2015). """"Use of Information and Communication Technologies in India's First Open University: Experience and Perceptions of Learners and Learner Support Providers."""" Turkish Online Journal of Distance Education 16(1): 38-51."""""	" Dr. B. R. Ambedkar Open University (BRAOU), the first distance teaching university in India, was a great educational event. It started a new chapter in the history of India's distance higher education. The general objects this research studies are: (1) to identify the information and communication technologies used in open distance education system in general and in BRAOU in particular  (2) to find out the process of planning and management of the technologies for distance teaching of BRAOU  (3) to assess the impact of the technologies on the distance learning of BRAOU students  and (4) to make suggestions, on the basis of the study, for effective and efficient management of technology in BRAOU. This study adopted descriptive method of research, which is widely used in educational research. Experiences, opinions and perceptions of 510 undergraduates students, 184 postgraduates, 110 academic counselors and 52 study center Heads are collected through separate questionnaires. Important results of survey are briefly stated here."""
NaN		1731	"Saunders-Stewart, K. S., et al. (2015). """"Student outcomes in inquiry: Students’ perspectives."""" Learning Environments Research 18(2): 289-311."""""	" Student outcomes of inquiry-based teaching and learning were explored through student-report. Participants were six teachers and their 181 students in grades 9 through 12. Classes were categorized by level of inquiry (least, middle, and most). A student-administered questionnaire assessed the extent to which the three groups experienced 23 potential inquiry outcomes in their classes. Principal components analysis was used to reduce the outcomes into four components, which were analyzed with a multivariate analysis of variance. Level of inquiry was significantly related to the inquiry outcomes examined. On Component 1—Learning Competencies, the most inquiry group scored significantly higher than the other two groups, this included outcomes such as content knowledge and learning process skills. Component 2, Personal Motivation, mapped onto outcomes relating to motivation, enjoyment, and creativity—students in the most-inquiry group scored significantly higher than those in the middle-inquiry group on this. Component 3, Student Role, addressed outcomes such as autonomy and sense of responsibility in the learner’s role—on this component, students in the most-inquiry group scored significantly higher than the other groups. Component 4 was comprised of outcomes relating to a traditional Teacher Role (e.g. emphasizing memorization of facts) and, as anticipated, students in the least-inquiry group rated these items significantly higher than those in the other groups. Students’ responses regarding cognitive, social, and emotional benefits of inquiry oriented classes affirmed that, consistent with social-constructivist theory, unique outcomes are achieved through inquiry more frequently and more effectively than through other, more traditional, forms of instruction. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1732	"Scaffidi, A. K. and J. E. Berman (2011). """"A Positive Postdoctoral Experience Is Related to Quality Supervision and Career Mentoring, Collaborations, Networking and a Nurturing Research Environment."""" Higher Education: The International Journal of Higher Education and Educational Planning 62(6): 685-698."""""	" For postdocs to have the best chances of achieving their career goals they need to not only acquire discipline-specific research experience, but also additional generic skills vital for future employment inside or outside academia. They also require access to information and mentoring that will help them strategically plan and make informed decisions about their future. Few studies have examined the variables that impact the postdoctoral experience or research productivity. Thus, a comprehensive survey was conducted to determine whether quality supervision, career mentoring, collaboration, networking and a nurturing research environment makes a positive difference in the experiences and productivity of postdoctoral researchers. Unsurprisingly, the survey revealed that job insecurity and lack of a career structure are ongoing concerns for post docs. However, a clear association was shown between quality supervision, for example, in conveying the importance of taking responsibility for their future academic career by strengthening their track record, and the number of peer-reviewed publications produced. The findings also suggest that mentoring in non-academic career paths can be greatly improved. The results of this study have guided a research-intensive Australian University to implement initiatives and programs which enhance the postdoctoral experience. Finally this work raises awareness of the crucial contributions post docs make to the research output and environment of universities."""
NaN		1733	"Scalise, K. (2012). """"Book Review of Science learning and instruction: Taking advantage of technology to promote knowledge integration."""" Science Education 96(6): 1136-1138."""""	" Reviews the book, Science Learning and Instruction: Taking Advantage of Technology to Promote Knowledge Integration by Marcia C. Linn and Bat-Sheva Eylon (see record [rid]2011-09776-000[/rid]). Sometimes a book comes along where you wish the last chapters were the first. Readers looking for ways of integrating technology to support learning will find useful information in this book, but they should be prepared to work for it because this book takes a long time getting to its technology focus. Overall, the crosscutting ideas of the book are really twofold. To put it succinctly, the first half of the book discusses how science inquiry contributes to knowledge integration. The second half explores how technology tools contribute to science inquiry. The first part of the text makes the now long-standing case that inquiry practices are key in science education. This is not likely to be new information for science education readers. The book hits its stride with newer information in later sections when it addresses how technology can support inquiry-based teaching and learning. These latter chapters are organized by learning environments including lecture settings, experiments, computer simulations for visualization, and collaborative spaces for learners. The authors draw from the research literature to point out ways in which technology enhancements contribute to student learning. These learning gains are often relatively small but arguably meaningful. Some implications for professional development related to the use of these technology-supported environments for teachers are also included. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1734	"Schaaf, R. (2012). """"Does Digital Game-Based Learning Improve Student Time-on-Task Behavior and Engagement in Comparison to Alternative Instructional Strategies?"""" Canadian Journal of Action Research 13(1): 50-64."""""	" Digital Game-Based Learning (DGBL) activities were examined in comparison with effective, research-based learning strategies to observe any difference in student engagement and time-on task behavior. Experimental and control groups were randomly selected amongst the intermediate elementary school students ages 8 to 10 years old. Student observations and attitudinal surveys were completed after eight lesson cycles to determine which student group had a higher level of engagement and time-on-task behavior. Six of the 8 trials showed a higher student survey average in the level of student enjoyment while experiencing DGBL. Six of the 8 trials produced equal or higher class average scores for focus and attentiveness during DGBL versus alternative strategies. Seven out of 8 trials produced higher student table observation averages for DGBL. In conclusion, the data suggests DGBL can be as effective in the classroom as other research-proven instructional strategies. (Contains 6 tables.)"""
NaN		1735	"Schafer, M. and M. Kroger (2016). """"Joint problem framing in sustainable land use research Experience with Constellation Analysis as a method for inter- and transdisciplinary knowledge integration."""" Land Use Policy 57: 526-539."""""	" Land use is an important field of interest regarding sustainability transformations. Research projects which deal with the multiple dimensions of sustainable land use usually apply an inter- and transdisciplinary design and are confronted with challenges of integrating heterogeneous knowledge. In this paper we refer to experience we had during the ELaN project, which followed a systemic approach by linking research on water and land management. Due to this relatively uncommon approach it was necessary to bring together scientists and practical actors as well as distributed knowledge from different areas of expertise. Considering the heterogeneity of the actors it was of great importance to establish a shared understanding of the research problem the project was to deal with during the initial phase. For this step the method of Constellation Analysis (CA) was applied: a visualisation and analysis tool which aims at joint problem framing by focusing on the dominant elements of a social-ecological problem and their relations in a discursive process. Due to the size of the project team and the necessity to involve a broad range of actors, a group of scientists led the iterative process and prepared CA drafts which were validated by practitioners. This design can be categorised as 'consulting' rather than 'participatory' transdisciplinarity. Proceeding this way can be seen as a compromise between more intense forms of transdisciplinary exchange and forms that are manageable when considering time and resource constraints in third-party funded projects. CA has proven to be a suitable tool for organising processes of mutual understanding between heterogeneous actors and fostering social integration in inter- and transdisciplinary research groups. In ELaN the main benefit of the process was an adjustment and enrichment of problem framing which was formulated in the project proposal thus contributing to integrated system knowledge as a basis for the interdisciplinary project consortium and involved practitioners. The insights gained during this process led to changes in the design of some of the sub-projects as well as the targeted end products. This experience confirms the importance of a structured process of joint problem framing in inter- and transdisciplinary projects, especially for thematic fields of such high complexity as land use research. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1736	"Schenck, C. H. and C. Trenkwalder (2013). """"Rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder: Current knowledge and future directions."""" Sleep Medicine 14(8): 699-702."""""	" This paper provides an overview of the articles featured in this special issue of Sleep Medicine. The papers aim to present the current knowledge and future directions of rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder (RBD). This special issue of Sleep Medicine dedicated to RBD confirms how RBD is situated at a strategic and busy crossroads of sleep medicine and the neurosciences. RBD offers great breadth and depth of research opportunities, including extensive inter disciplinary and multinational research opportunities. Finally, the need to assume the role of 'guardians of REM atonia' in various contexts, including the study of new psychotropic drugs and other neuropsychoactive drugs prior to general clinical release is advocated. It is believed that a formal video-PSG assessment looking for any disturbance of REM atonia and release of abnormal behaviors during REM sleep should be mandatory with newly developed drugs, together with proactively eliciting a history of drug-induced RBD in these subjects. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1737	"Schickli, S. (2010). """"Walking the walk: The practice of forensic neuropsychology."""" Journal of the International Neuropsychological Society 16(4): 732-733."""""	" Reviews the book, Forensic neuropsychology in practice: A guide to assessment and legal processes edited by Susan Young, Michael Kopelman, and Gisli Gudjonsson (2009). The book is divided into 13 chapters. With the exception of the final four chapters which focus on general professional issues, each chapter addresses a separate clinical disorder or syndrome. The chapters follow approximately the same format. They begin with a summary of the characteristics of the disorder and a review of the diagnostic, neuropsychological, and judicial issues most relevant to the forensic neuropsychologists. Overall, this practical book is well-organized and clearly written. The authors support their clinical recommendations with robust empirical research without losing the reader in the minutiae of specific studies. Each chapter is self contained, and so this book serves as an excellent reference text that can be used to research specific topics. Admittedly, this text might be too cursory for the seasoned practitioner with courtroom and research experience. The depth of knowledge imparted is necessarily limited by the broad scope of the topics and the relatively restricted page space. It should also be mentioned that this text is more informative for the neuropsychologist learning forensics than for the forensic psychologist learning neuropsychology. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1738	"Schildkraut, J. and M. C. Stafford (2015). """"Researching professionals or professional researchers? A comparison of professional doctorate and PhD programs in criminology & criminal justice."""" American Journal of Criminal Justice 40(1): 183-198."""""	" There are many questions asked by people who are thinking of entering a PhD program in criminology or criminal justice (CCJ). In addition to standard questions about completion time and assistantships, working professionals sometimes ask questions unique to them, such as whether a PhD will help them to obtain positions as upper-level administrators in law enforcement or why is it necessary to learn research skills. These questions take on added significance today because of the emergence of 'professional doctorate programs.' This paper examines differences between professional doctorate and PhD programs in CCJ, with special emphasis on differences in research training and practical experience. This examination suggests that unlike other disciplines, the professional doctorate in CCJ is seen as a complementary degree to the PhD, designed to attract working professionals in the field to higher education, rather than as a competing degree as in other disciplines. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1739	"Schinske, J. N., et al. (2008). """"Teaching the Anatomy of a Scientific Journal Article."""" Science Teacher 75(7): 49-56."""""	" To promote inquiry-based learning, the authors integrate the anatomy of a scientific journal article into their secondary science curriculum. In this article, they present three classroom activities used to teach students about the function and format of scientific journal articles. The first focuses on journal article figures, the second on journal abstracts, and in the third, students produce their own journal articles, which are based on their investigations. (Contains 5 figures.)"""
NaN		1740	"Schlitzkus, L. L., et al. (2012). """"A Six Year Head-to-Head Comparison of Osteopathic and Allopathic Applicants to a University-Based, Allopathic General Surgery Residency."""" Journal of Surgical Education 69(6): 699-704."""""	" OBJECTIVE: The number of osteopathic physicians is increasing as is the number applying to allopathic general surgery residency programs. A lack of knowledge of osteopathic schooling leads to a potential applicant bias in favor of allopathic applicants, but the 2 groups have not been compared head to head. DESIGN: Applications over a 6-year period to an allopathic general surgery residency program were reviewed. Demographics, examination scores, employment, education, and research experience were catalogued into a database. Allopathic applicants were compared with osteopathic applicants utilizing statistical analysis. SETTING: A university teaching hospital. PARTICIPANTS: Allopathic and osteopathic applicants to an allopathic general surgery residency program. RESULTS: A total of 1290 applications were reviewed  1155 allopathic and 135 osteopathic applications. Other than race, the 2 cohorts are similar in age, gender, and citizenship. The groups are not significantly different with regard to the number of letter of recommendations, volunteer activities, scholarly works, and advanced degrees. Graduates of both proceed directly to residency. A significantly higher percentage of allopathic graduates reported their United States medical licensing examination (USMLE) scores, yet when osteopaths released their USMLE transcript, they scored significantly higher on the USMLE Step 1 examination and required fewer attempts to pass. These differences do not apply to the USMLE Step 2 examination. CONCLUSIONS: No single screening tool exists For selecting a successful general surgery resident. We are seeing increased numbers of osteopathic applicants. Many criteria used to evaluate applicants do not apply to osteopathic applicants, but our comparison of common selection variables on the Electronic Residency Application Service (ERAS) application did not demonstrate an overall difference. While our analysis demonstrated a statistically higher USMLE Step 1 score by osteopathic applicants, they may only self-report favorable data. (J Surg 69: 699-704. (C) 2012 Association of Directors in Surgery. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.)"""
NaN		1741	"Schlosser, L. Z. and J. H. Kahn (2007). """"Dyadic perspectives on advisor-advisee relationships in counseling psychology doctoral programs."""" Journal of Counseling Psychology 54(2): 211-217."""""	" The authors present the results from a study investigating advisor-advisee relationships in counseling psychology doctoral training. Participants were 47 advisor-advisee dyads who were currently working together in an advising relationship. The results indicated that advisors and advisees exhibited significant agreement in their assessments of their advisory working alliance, the smoothness of their recent interactions, and the advisee's research competence. Alliance ratings were also associated with several relevant training variables. Neither science nor practice interest similarity between advisor and advisee was related to the quality of the advising relationship. Implications of the advisor-advisee working alliance for doctoral training are discussed, and suggestions for future research are provided. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1742	"Schlosser, L. Z., et al. (2011). """"A Multiculturally Infused Model of Graduate Advising Relationships."""" Journal of Career Development 38(1): 44-61."""""	" In this final article of the special section, the authors offer their beginning theoretical model of graduate advising relationships. The authors' framework characterizes the advising relationship as a multicultural endeavor. The authors offer eight theoretical propositions with the intent to articulate aspects of good advising and those variables that appear to be related to successful advising relationships. As part of this model, the authors attend to both the process and the outcome of advising relationships. The authors close with implications for research, training, and practice, and offer suggestions for future research."""
NaN		1743	"Schlueter, E. and P. Schmidt (2010). """"Special issue: Survey experiments."""" Methodology: European Journal of Research Methods for the Behavioral and Social Sciences 6(3): 93-95."""""	" This special issue of Methodology features contributions which employ survey experiments, widely defined here as the random assignment of respondents to different stimuli under the active control of the researcher within a given survey. Originating from methodological concerns, survey experiments have proven for decades to be of considerable virtue. To illustrate, recall the large number of studies using variants of the classic ‘‘split-ballot’’-design to illuminate the numerous consequences of different item wordings and question format (Schwarz, Groves, & Schuman, 1998  Sniderman & Grob, 1996  Sullivan, Piereson, & Marcus, 1978) or interviewing modes (de Leeuw, 2008, chap. 7) for respondents’ answer behaviors. Arguably, few people would be willing to state that the knowledge following from this line of research could be overrated. But aside its successful (and continuing) application to methodological topics, recent years also witnessed new areas of application for survey experiments (Gaines, Kuklinski, & Quirk, 2007). Specifically, embedding experimental designs within surveys has increasingly been recognized as a flexible and powerful means to combine the internal validity of experiments with the external validity of surveys. Given such advantages, more and more researchers with a decided interest in investigating substantive phenomena employ survey experiments for their studies. This evolvement does not imply that methodological and/or substantive applications of survey experiments should be seen as mutually exclusive  rather, most applications of survey experiments could be classified as lying somewhere on a continuum with primarily methodological topics at the one end and substantive topics at the other end of the continuum. In line with this broad classification, the five papers in this special issue capture significant subsets of these topics. They are intended as a timely demonstration of how survey experiments can aid researchers in examining methodological and substantive issues alike. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1744	"Schmaling, K. B. and A. W. Blume (2009). """"ETHICS INSTRUCTION INCREASES GRADUATE STUDENTS' RESPONSIBLE CONDUCT OF RESEARCH KNOWLEDGE BUT NOT MORAL REASONING."""" Accountability in Research-Policies and Quality Assurance 16(5): 268-283."""""	" The purpose of this study was to assess the short-term effectiveness of ethics courses in enhancing responsible conduct of research (RCR) knowledge and moral judgment among graduate students in health-related disciplines. Forty-eight graduate students completed a questionnaire about research experience, knowledge and judgments about appropriate research practices, and a standardized test of moral judgment at the beginning and end of a semester-long ethics course. Knowledge about RCR but not moral judgment increased significantly in some areas. The results are discussed in terms of implications for RCR instruction and of future research designed to improve RCR instruction."""
NaN		1745	"Schmidt, D. D. and S. Kirby (2016). """"A modular approach to rural and remote research education: a project report."""" Rural and Remote Health 16(1)."""""	" Introduction: A lack of support structures in rural and remote Australia has led to limitations in the ability of health services to develop research skills in their staff and to conduct research within their organisations. Distance, limited access to research expertise and a lack of established research networks are examples of structural contributors to limited research training and research activity. Methods: To address this issue the Centre for Research Excellence in Rural and Remote Primary Health Care Research (CRE) established a Research Capacity Building Program (RCBP) in 2012. The program used a modular design built around hub sites at Alice Springs, Bendigo and Broken Hill. It sought to develop research skills in key health workers in collaboration with strategic primary healthcare (PHC) partners. These partners included health service organisations and federally funded networks designed to support the development of PHC. By training within the workplace and community, the program sought to develop research skills in novice researchers, with a view to building both individual and organisational capacity in health services research within their rural or remote environment. The RCBP was evaluated in late 2014. A survey was conducted using a combination of emailed paper questionnaires and phone surveys with trainees from the RCBP (n=8), the trainee's workplace managers (n=4) and staff of the CRE involved in supervising RCBP trainees (n=8). Participants were asked about both the processes and outcomes of the RCBP. Research skill development was assessed using the research spider instrument, a validated tool for assessing research confidence. This report both describes the RCBP and details the evaluation of the RCBP. Results: This project has shown that in rural and remote Australia the use of collaborative processes and a decentralised capacity building research training model can develop research skills in rural or remote health workers and create potential for ongoing research activity. The RCBP produced measurable improvements in perceived research experience, with mean research spider scores improving from 2.2/5 (standard deviation 0.5) to 2.8/5 (standard deviation 0.5), a change that was significant (z=-2.8, p=0.005). Projects completed through the program matched well with organisational goals of the partner organisations. Completing trainees and partnering organisations both expressed interest in ongoing research activity. The program's modular nature created local peer-support networks, with some additional cross-site collaboration. Conclusions: Partnering with PHC organisations created the potential for ongoing PHC research activity, with organisational and individual interest in further research. The challenge for policy makers is to build on this potential by providing ongoing support for local research training."""
NaN		1746	"Schmidt, M. and L. Fulton (2016). """"Transforming a Traditional Inquiry-Based Science Unit into a STEM Unit for Elementary Pre-Service Teachers: A View from the Trenches."""" Journal of Science Education and Technology 25(2): 302-315."""""	" The need to prepare students with twenty-first-century skills through STEM-related teaching is strong, especially at the elementary level. However, most teacher education preparation programs do not focus on STEM education. In an attempt to provide an exemplary model of a STEM unit, we used a rapid prototyping approach to transform an inquiry-based unit on moon phases into one that integrated technology in a meaningful manner to develop technological literacy and scientific concepts for pre-service teachers (PSTs). Using qualitative case study methodology, we describe lessons learned related to the development and implementation of a STEM unit in an undergraduate elementary methods course, focusing on the impact the inquiry model had on PSTs' perceptions of inquiry-based science instruction and how the integration of technology impacted their learning experience. Using field notes and survey data, we uncovered three overarching themes. First, we found that PSTs held absolutist beliefs and had a need for instruction on inquiry-based learning and teaching. Second, we determined that explicit examples of effective and ineffective technology use are needed to help PSTs develop an understanding of meaningful technology integration. Finally, the rapid prototyping approach resulted in a successful modification of the unit, but caused the usability of our digital instructional materials to suffer. Our findings suggest that while inquiry-based STEM units can be implemented in existing programs, creating and testing these prototypes requires significant effort to meet PSTs' learning needs, and that iterating designs is essential to successful implementation."""
NaN		1747	"Schnapp, L. A., et al. (2009). """"Implementation and Impact of a Translational Research Training Program in Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine."""" Chest 135(3): 688-694."""""	" Background: The translation of basic research advances to the clinical arena has been slow and inefficient. With the goal of improving interactions and collaboration between basic science and clinical investigators, we instituted a Translational Research Training Program (TRTP) in acute lung injury to complement our basic science and clinical research training programs in pulmonary and critical care medicine. Methods: We developed a TRTP in which trainees select a primary research discipline for rigorous development of skills in either basic science research or clinical research. This primary foundation is complemented by cross-training in the other discipline through a specifically designed program of study. To measure the impact of the program, we analyzed publication rates, coauthorship to reflect collaboration between research disciplines, and publication of papers with a translational focus by members of our division before and after the institution of the TRTP. Results: We describe our new training program, including modifications to our preexisting program and development of new components. We found significant increases in multidisciplinary authorship and translational articles following institution of TRTP. Conclusions: An explicit TRTP appears to increase collaboration between basic and clinical investigators. Our goal is to share our experiences and provide a template for other pulmonary and critical care programs interested in developing similar curricula. We speculate that this training will improve the translation of basic research findings into clinical advances, thus increasing the probability that successful treatments will be developed for patients with lung diseases."""
NaN		1748	"Schneider, B. Z., et al. (2011). """"Women """"Opting out"""" of Academia: At What Cost?"""" Forum on Public Policy Online 2011(2): 19."""""	" Previous research has examined the phenomenon of women ""opting out"""" of the corporate environment. Much of this research has examined both """"pull"""" factors--those of home and family life, and """"push"""" factors--those within the organization which create a competitive environment where women feel they cannot achieve the same measure of success as their male counterparts. Similar forces, which create push in the corporate environment, are also present in academia preventing female academicians from achieving an equal presence in the higher levels of academia as their male counterparts. While the makeup of postsecondary education among students has reached a more balanced ratio in bachelors, masters and doctorial degrees, the gender make up of tenured professors and administrators in the academy still lags behind. The existence of this phenomenon presents similar loses and opportunity costs for universities as experienced by industrial organizations. This leads to the following questions""  1) How wide is the faculty and leadership gender gap in academia, 2) How have these gaps manifested in academia, and 3) What are the direct or indirect costs associated with this employment gap? The answer to these questions may lead to extensive additional research opportunities to discover strategies and guidance in the resolving these problems. (Contains 43 footnotes and 2 figures.)"""
NaN		1749	"Schneider, K. R., et al. (2015). """"Planning and Implementing a Comprehensive Student-Centered Research Program for First-Year STEM Undergraduates."""" Journal of College Science Teaching 44(3): 37-43."""""	" Retaining college-level science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) students remains a priority in higher education. A variety of methods have been shown to increase retention, including mentorship, tutoring, course enhancements, community building, and engagement in high-impact practices such as undergraduate research. In 2011, an Office of Undergraduate Research at a large research university developed a program that incorporates multiple forms of student-centered programming with a focus on research. Learning Environment and Academic Research Network (LEARN) is a living-learning community wherein first-year students live in the same residence hall, take specific classes together, work with mentors, and engage in a 12-week mentored research apprenticeship. LEARN aims to recruit first-generation and underrepresented students. Such a program requires input and participation from numerous stakeholders. This article provides reviews of the development, implementation, and lessons learned from starting the program. To date the program has many early signs of success, including exceeding recruitment goals, higher GPA and retention rates, gains in student learning, and high levels of engagement in academic and leadership experiences."""
NaN		1750	"Schneider, M., et al. (2016). """"Developing mental health research in sub-Saharan Africa: capacity building in the AFFIRM project."""" Global Mental Health 3."""""	" Background There remains a large disparity in the quantity, quality and impact of mental health research carried out in sub-Saharan Africa, relative to both the burden and the amount of research carried out in other regions. We lack evidence on the capacity-building activities that are effective in achieving desired aims and appropriate methodologies for evaluating success. Methods AFFIRM was an NIMH-funded hub project including a capacity-building program with three components open to participants across six countries: (a) fellowships for an M.Phil. program  (b) funding for Ph.D. students conducting research nested within AFFIRM trials  (c) short courses in specialist research skills. We present findings on progression and outputs from the M.Phil. and Ph.D. programs, self-perceived impact of short courses, qualitative data on student experience, and reflections on experiences and lessons learnt from AFFIRM consortium members. Results AFFIRM delivered funded research training opportunities to 25 mental health professionals, 90 researchers and five Ph.D. students across 6 countries over a period of 5 years. A number of challenges were identified and suggestions for improving the capacity-building activities explored. Conclusions Having protected time for research is a barrier to carrying out research activities for busy clinicians. Funders could support sustainability of capacity-building initiatives through funds for travel and study leave. Adoption of a train-the-trainers model for specialist skills training and strategies for improving the rigor of evaluation of capacity-building activities should be considered."""
NaN		1751	"Schoen, J. L. (2015). """"Effects of implicit achievement motivation, expected evaluations, and domain knowledge on creative performance."""" Journal of Organizational Behavior 36(3): 319-338."""""	" This paper explores the effect of achievement motivation on creative performance. I also describe how expectations of differing types of evaluations and knowledge of the domain moderate the relationship between implicit achievement motivation and creativity. Results suggest achievement motivation, measured implicitly, is related to creative performance. Additionally, the effect of achievement motivation at the implicit level on creative performance is moderated by expectation of evaluation and domain knowledge in a three‐way interaction. The main effect for achievement motivation, assessed at the implicit level, as a predictor of creative performance holds when controlling for other factors previously tested as predictors of creativity, including a self‐report assessment achievement motivation. I conclude by discussing the implications of this research and provide suggestions for future research opportunities. Copyright © 2014 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1752	"Schofield, C. and L. F. Burton (2015). """"An Investigation into Higher Education Student and Lecturer Views on Research Publication and Their Interest in the Production of a College Partnership Science Journal."""" Innovations in Education and Teaching International 52(3): 265-276."""""	" The primary aim of this research was to investigate students' views of using published research and their attitudes towards the research activities of their lecturers. Although this has been examined often in university settings the focus here was on science students undertaking foundation degrees in Further Education Colleges (FECs). This was done through open question questionnaires at three FECs in one college partnership. A secondary aim was to examine the feasibility of developing a journal for the college partnership which would enable staff and students to submit manuscripts. Attitudes were sought through homogeneous focus groups with science students and staff at colleges within one college partnership. Lecturers and students showed strong support for the proposal. Students indicated that lecturers who had published would be seen as more credible and would link their research activity to the learning experience more effectively. Students believed that the possibility of publishing their work in such a journal would be a wonderful opportunity which would make them work harder. Staff saw the journal as an opportunity to publish work they had undertaken for postgraduate qualifications and encourage them to seek other research opportunities. It now needs strategic investigation regarding the practicalities of producing such a journal."""
NaN		1753	"Schofield, M. J. (2008). """"Editorial."""" Counselling & Psychotherapy Research 8(1): 1-3."""""	" In the spirit of encouraging international research on counselling and psychotherapy, and promoting global understanding of counselling and psychotherapy issues in other parts of the world, this special issue of Counselling and Psychotherapy Research is devoted to Australian counselling and psychotherapy research. Australia is a geographically large country with a relatively small population of 21 million people. By current estimates, there are over 15,000 psychologists and 16,000 counsellors and psychotherapists. Currently there are around 50 professional organizations identified through professional networks, and searches on the Internet. The rapid growth accompanied by widely varying standards prompted the first moves to bring the existing field of professional associations together within a self-regulatory framework. This initiative, known as the Standing Conference of Counsellors and Psychotherapists, first met in Armidale, NSW in 1996. While the last 10 years have seen an increasing focus on the professionalisation of counselling and psychotherapy in Australia (Schofield, 2007), research in the field has until very recently lacked a coherent organisational focus or concerted drive. This is in large part due to the lack of adequate research training for counselling and psychotherapy professionals. This special issue was proposed in part to further develop dialogue about and dissemination of Australian research in this field, and, as a result, seek to foster greater research collaboration. It features research from 20 Australian researchers representing both well established and new researchers and a wide range of topics. It spans a mix of quantitative and qualitative methodologies which demonstrate some of the breadth and innovativeness of research being undertaken in Australia, and some of the features and challenges of the profession in Australia. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1754	"Schonrock, N., et al. (2016). """"Seq and You Will Find."""" Current Gene Therapy 16(3): 220-229."""""	" The human genome sequence is freely available, nearly complete and is providing a foundation of research opportunities that are overturning our current understanding of human biology. The advent of next generation sequencing has revolutionized the way we can interrogate the genome and its transcriptional products and how we analyze, diagnose, monitor and even treat human disease. Personal genetic profiles are increasing dramatically in medical value as researchers accumulate more and more knowledge about the interaction between genetic and environmental factors that contribute to the onset of common disorders. As the cost of sequencing plummets, whole genome sequencing of individuals is becoming a reality and the field of personalized genomic medicine is rapidly developing. Now there is great need for accurate annotation of all functionally important sequences in the human genome and the variations within them that contribute to health and disease. The vast majority of our genome gives rise to RNA transcripts. This extraordinarily versatile molecule not only encodes protein information but also has great structural dynamics and plasticity, capacity for DNA/RNA/protein interactions and catalytic activity. It is a key regulator of biological networks with clear links to human disease and a more comprehensive understanding of its function is needed to maximise its use in medical practice. This review focuses on the complexity of our genome and the impact of sequencing technologies in understanding its many products and functions in health and disease."""
NaN		1755	"Schultz-Jones, B. A. and C. E. Ledbetter (2013). """"Evaluating Students' Perceptions of Library and Science Inquiry: Validation of Two New Learning Environment Questionnaires."""" Learning Environments Research 16(3): 329-348."""""	" As part of a larger study, the How My Library Supports Inquiry and the How My Science Class Supports Inquiry questionnaires were developed for evaluating the extent of inquiry-based teaching in classrooms and school libraries and the effect of this instruction on student literacy and, by extension, the social good. Each has 28 items in seven scales measuring students' perceptions of the degree to which certain psychosocial factors are prevalent in the science class and the school library. Using data from 872 elementary students and 639 secondary students, principal components factor analysis with varimax rotation and Kaiser normalization confirmed the a priori structure of the questionnaires. The factor structure, internal consistency reliability, discriminant validity, and the ability to distinguish between different classes and groups were supported for both instruments. Validation of these instruments enables consideration of a new approach for assessing the contribution of school libraries to the field of education, with specific emphasis on science education through the study. In addition, this study makes a unique contribution to the field of learning environments by evaluating the relationship between school library programs and classroom environments."""
NaN		1756	"Schumacher, A. and C. S. Reiners (2013). """"Designing Authentic Learning Environments in Chemistry Lessons: Paving the Way in Pre-Service Teacher Education."""" Science & Education 22(9): 2173-2191."""""	" Authenticity has recently become a popular term in science education. A study focusing on authenticity in the sense of making chemistry lessons better resemble chemistry practice is carried out at the University of Cologne in the Institute of Chemical Education, where prospective chemistry teachers are trained. In the long run an innovative module shall be developed, which challenges teacher students' pre-conceptions about characteristics of chemistry practice and supports them in translating their conceptions into authentic learning environments. This paper presents the first part of the project in which course elements to stimulate reflection on students' attitudes were evaluated. Moreover the students were given an opportunity for teacher students to create a practical activity for pupils in order to detect aspects in which the students need more support, for example possible ways for this transformation or more experience with inquiry-based learning."""
NaN		1757	"Schut, M., et al. (2015). """"RAAIS: Rapid Appraisal of Agricultural Innovation Systems (Part II). Integrated analysis of parasitic weed problems in rice in Tanzania."""" Agricultural Systems 132: 12-24."""""	" Parasitic weeds such as Striga spp and Rhamphicarpa fistulosa in smallholder rice production systems form an increasing problem for food and income security in sub-Saharan Africa. In this paper we implement the Rapid Appraisal of Agricultural Innovation Systems (RAAIS) as a diagnostic tool to identify specific and generic entry points for innovations to address parasitic weeds in rain-fed rice production in Tanzania. Data were gathered across three study sites in Tanzania where parasitic weeds are eminent (Kyela, Songea Rural and Morogoro Rural districts). The results demonstrate that in Tanzania, weeds in general and parasitic weeds in particular receive little attention in agricultural research, training and education curricula. Crop protection policies mainly focus on the control of (insect) pest and diseases and there is relatively little attention for weed prevention, which is essential for addressing parasitic weed problems effectively. Specific entry points for innovation include increasing awareness of parasitic weed problems among farmers, extension and crop protection officers and policymakers. In regions where awareness is relatively high, participatory research approaches can provide a basis for developing locally adapted parasitic weed management strategies. Generic entry points for innovation include enhanced collaboration and interaction between stakeholders across different levels, for example in multi-stakeholder platforms. This can provide the basis for developing and implementing coherent policy and development strategies to address structural constraints in the agricultural system, including the promotion of clean local seed systems, investments in physical and knowledge infrastructure development, adequate backstopping of agricultural extension officers, agribusiness training for farmers, quality control of agricultural inputs, timely access to agricultural inputs, and improved access to markets for farmers. Together the specific and generic entry points can strengthen the innovation capacity of Tanzania's agricultural system to address parasitic weed problems, as well as other complex agricultural problems. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1758	"Schutt, R. K., et al. (2010). """"Community Health Workers' Support for Cancer Clinical Trials: Description and Explanation."""" Journal of Community Health 35(4): 417-422."""""	" Ethnic differences in participation in cancer clinical trials slow advances in medical knowledge that can reduce health care disparities. Community health workers (CHWs) are an increasingly important bridge between the health care system and underserved communities and could play an important role in increasing rates of clinical trial participation. We investigated community health workers' orientations to medical research and cancer clinical trials with a mixed methods design: two focus groups, 11 intensive interviews, and a structured survey of 76 CHW training workshop participants. CHWs demonstrated high levels of commitment to improving the health of community members but considerable distrust of researchers' motives, low levels of knowledge about cancer clinical trials, and frequent perceptions of bias in the health care system. Support for research is associated with more research experience, self-assessed knowledge, and Hispanic ethnicity, but with less seniority as a CHW. Neither actual knowledge of cancer clinical trials nor perceptions of bias in the health care system were related to degree of support for medical research. Community health workers perceive bias in the health care system but recognize the importance of medical research and are interested in learning more about cancer clinical trials. Research experience increases support for medical research  education increases perceptions of health care system bias."""
NaN		1759	"Schutze, G. E., et al. (2008). """"Education and preparation of physicians entering an International Pediatric AIDS Program: The Pediatric AIDS Corps."""" AIDS Patient Care and STDs 22(9): 709-714."""""	" The Pediatric AIDS Corps (PAC) are a group of physicians that were hired to provide clinical care and treatment to children and their families infected with HIV/AIDS and to help educate local health care professionals in the management of children with HIV/AIDS located in the high prevalence areas of sub-Saharan Africa. Prior to their departure the PAC were required to participate in a 4-week educational training program that included travel and tropical medicine and HIV infections in children, teaching skills, bioethics, and good clinical practice in human research training. Evaluation of the program was done using a 50-question pretest/posttest design, a standard postcourse evaluation, and a PAC focus group follow-up. Fifty-two physicians were hired who had been trained in the following specialties: pediatrics (77%), medicine/pediatrics (9%), family medicine (8%), and internal medicine (6%). Posttest scores improved by a mean of 10 points for all PAC physicians (p < 0.001) but those that had been in Africa for 5 months or more prior to the course continued to score higher than the other participants. Reviewing the results by category demonstrated significant improvement in all areas (p <= 0.002) except for general pediatrics for the HIV/AIDS infected patients (p = 0.124) and psychosocial issues (p = 0.376). Changes for the next training were implemented based upon the information obtained from the PAC focus group. The foundation provided by this educational course was an important beginning for the PAC physicians. Other groups providing specialized care to patients in developing countries might consider a similar educational program."""
NaN		1760	"Schwarz, B. B., et al. (2011). """"Perspective taking and synchronous argumentation for learning the day/night cycle."""" International Journal of Computer-Supported Collaborative Learning 6(1): 113-138."""""	" Changing practices in schools is a very complex endeavor. This paper is about new practices we prompted to foster collaboration and critical reasoning in science classrooms: the presentation of pictures representing different perspectives, small group synchronous argumentation, and moderation of synchronous argumentation. A CSCL tool helped in supporting synchronous argumentation through graphical representations of argumentative moves. We checked the viability of these practices in science classrooms. To do so, we investigated whether these practices led to conceptual learning, and undertook interactional analyses to study the behaviors of students and teachers. Thirty-two Grade 8 students participated in a series of activities on the day/night cycle. Learning was measured by the correctness of knowledge, the extent to which it was elaborated, the mental models that emerged from the explanations, the knowledge integration in explanations, and their simplicity. We showed that participants could learn the day/night cycle concept, as all measures of learning improved. For some students, it even led to conceptual change. However, the specific help provided by teachers during collective argumentation did not yield additional learning. The analysis of protocols of teacher-led collective argumentation indicated that although the teachers' help was needed, some teachers had difficulties monitoring these synchronous discussions. We conclude that the next step of the design-research cycle should be devoted to (a) the development of new tools directed at helping teachers facilitate synchronous collective argumentation, and to (b) activities including teachers, designers, and researchers for elaborating new strategies to use these tools to improve the already positive learning outcomes from synchronous argumentation."""
NaN		1761	"Schwarz, G. M. and I. G. Stensaker (2016). """"Showcasing phenomenon-driven research on organizational change."""" Journal of Change Management 16(4): 245-264."""""	" Phenomenon-driven research (PDR) is problem-oriented research that focuses on capturing, documenting, and conceptualizing an observed phenomenon of interest in order to facilitate knowledge creation and advancement. As an ideas-led and interpretive way of researching, and with an emphasis on exploring issues and challenges that bother those experiencing observed problems, PDR is an engaging way to develop new contributions to organizational change debates. Generating knowledge this way thereby allows for a variety of research paths and outcomes that may lead to a series of associated debates and research opportunities. Yet although it is widely acknowledged, this pathway to knowledge has not been properly described and documented, thus potentially leading to poor and fragmented understanding of what PDR is and how to pursue it. In order to understand better PDR, in this paper - and through this special issue - we showcase this orientation. Describing the core features of a PDR paper, demonstrated through examples, we show what published PDR looks like and describe how organizational change researchers can better accommodate this approach. With this focus on engagement with phenomena we aim to inspire researchers to return to or take up more PDR, specifically challenging organizational change scholars to develop and extend knowledge with this orientation."""
NaN		1762	"Schwendimann, B. A. and M. C. Linn (2016). """"Comparing Two Forms of Concept Map Critique Activities to Facilitate Knowledge Integration Processes in Evolution Education."""" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 53(1): 70-94."""""	" Concept map activities often lack a subsequent revision step that facilitates knowledge integration. This study compares two collaborative critique activities using a Knowledge Integration Map (KIM), a form of concept map. Four classes of high school biology students (n?=?81) using an online inquiry-based learning unit on evolution were assigned to one of two conditions. Student dyads in one condition compared their concept maps against an expert map while dyads in the other condition conducted a peer-review. Analysis of the concept maps suggests that students in both conditions improved their understanding of evolution from pretest to posttest. However, the two conditions lead to different criteria: Students in the expert-map condition focused mostly on concept-focused criteria like concept classification while students in the peer-review condition used more link-focused criteria like link labels and missing connections. This paper suggests that both forms of KIM critique activities can be beneficial for constructing more coherent connections across different topics in evolution education. These results support the value of collaborative KIM critique activities and help clarify the forms of collaborative activities that are most likely to be effective to facilitate knowledge integration processes."""
NaN		1763	"Schwettmann, L. (2015). """"Decision solution, data manipulation and trust: The (un-)willingness to donate organs in Germany in critical times."""" Health Policy 119(7): 980-989."""""	" In 2011 and 2012 a change of rules and a data-manipulation scandal focused German public attention on organ donation. This increased citizens’ background knowledge as well as their willingness to respond to surveys. The present study is an effort to seize this research opportunity and to create evidence on which policy recommendations can be conceivably based. It uses data from two major representative surveys from 2011 to 2012 to address four central questions: Which characteristics, experiences and attitudes correlate with the written or unwritten willingness of individuals to donate (WTD) their own organs post-mortem? How has the WTD changed over time? To what extent does the WTD depend on normative trust? Which factors correlate with trust? The data is analyzed through summary statistics and regression models. Several hypotheses regarding factors connected with the WTD are confirmed in the survey results. Altruistic motives, relevant knowledge and trust are decisive. The special role of trust is corroborated by the data. As current German politics prevents the introduction of post-mortem donation incentives, potential policy making proposals are restricted to institutional changes to regain trust including the implementation of an organ donor registry and the advancement of counselling talks with general practitioners. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1764	"Sciutto, M. J. (2015). """"Using Facebook to Supplement Participant Pools for Class Research Projects: Should We Like It?"""" Teaching of Psychology 42(2): 157-162."""""	" In-class research projects are a valuable way of providing research experience for undergraduate students in psychology. This article evaluates the use of online social networks to supplement sample recruitment for in-class research projects. Specifically, this article presents a systematic analysis of seven student research projects that recruited through social networks and a traditional participant pool. Data from these studies suggest that the social network and participant pool samples were very similar in participant characteristics and overall levels of the dependent measures. Similarly, the magnitude and direction of the effect sizes were very similar across the studies. Results suggest that online recruiting may be a viable way of supplementing sample sizes while also providing additional opportunities to address learning goals related to statistical analyses. However, the pedagogical benefits of increasing sample size through online recruiting must be considered in conjunction with the potential ethical and methodological limitations of recruiting through online social networks."""
NaN		1765	"Scott, J. E., et al. (2008). """"25-year Analysis of a Dental Undergraduate Research Training Program (BSc Dent) at the University of Manitoba Faculty of Dentistry."""" Journal of Dental Research 87(12): 1085-1088."""""	" Research in the context of the dental school has traditionally been focused on institutional/faculty accomplishments and generating new knowledge to benefit the profession. Only recently have significant efforts been made to expand the overall research programming into the formal dental curriculum, to provide students with a baseline exposure to the research and critical thinking processes, encourage evidence-based decision-making, and stimulate interest in academic/research careers. Various approaches to curriculum reform and the establishment of multiple levels of student research opportunities are now part of the educational fabric of many dental schools worldwide. Many of the preliminary reports regarding the success and vitality of these programs have used outcomes measures and metrics that emphasize cultural changes within institutions, student research productivity, and student career preferences after graduation. However, there have not been any reports from long-standing programs (a minimum of 25 years of cumulative data) that describe dental school graduates who have had the benefit of research/training experiences during their dental education. The University of Manitoba Faculty of Dentistry initiated a BSc Dent program in 1980 that awarded a formal degree for significant research experiences taking place within the laboratories of the Faculty-based researchers and has continued to develop and expand this program. The success of the program has been demonstrated by the continued and increasing demands for entry, the academic achievements of the graduates, and the numbers of graduates who have completed advanced education/training programs or returned to the Faculty as instructors. Analysis of our long-term data validates many recent hypotheses and short-term observations regarding the benefits of dental student research programs. This information may be useful in the design and implementation of dental student research programs at other dental schools."""
NaN		1766	"Scott, R. J., et al. (2013). """"Evaluating immediate and long-term impacts of qualitative group model building workshops on participants' mental models."""" System Dynamics Review 29(4): 216-236."""""	" Group model building literature reports that participation causes mental model refinement and alignment, but no previous study appears to have examined whether these changes are enduring. This paper reports on a case study involving four groups using group model building tools that were evaluated immediately before, immediately after, and 12 months following a 3-hour workshop. Each workshop used qualitative group model building to plan strategy implementation initiatives in a government department. A change of circumstances (merger and restructure) meant that the workshop conclusions were not implemented, providing a research opportunity to measure the enduring effects of group model building workshops. Statistical comparison of written responses suggests that participants' views on the workshop topic changed and became more alike through the workshop process, and that these changes were enduring even in the relative absence of reinforcing activities. Copyright (c) 2014 System Dynamics Society"""
NaN		1767	"Scull, T. M., et al. (2010). """"Adolescents’ media-related cognitions and substance use in the context of parental and peer influences."""" Journal of Youth and Adolescence 39(9): 981-998."""""	" Two cross-sectional studies investigated media influences on adolescents’ substance use and intentions to use substances in the context of exposure to parental and peer risk and protective factors. A total of 729 middle school students (n = 351, 59% female in Study 1  n = 378, 43% female in Study 2) completed self-report questionnaires. The sample in Study 1 was primarily African-American (52%) and the sample in Study 2 was primarily Caucasian (63%). Across the two studies, blocks of media-related cognitions made unique contributions to the prediction of adolescents’ current substance use and intentions to use substances in the future above and beyond self-reported peer and parental influences. Specifically, identification with and perceived similarity to media messages were positively associated with adolescents’ current substance use and intentions to use substances in the future, and critical thinking about media messages and media message deconstruction skills were negatively associated with adolescents’ intention to use substances in the future. Further, peer influence variables (e.g., peer pressure, social norms, peer substance use) acted as risk factors, and for the most part, parental influence variables (e.g., parental pressure to not use, perceived parental reaction) acted as protective factors. These findings highlight the importance of developing an increased understanding of the role of media messages and media literacy education in the prevention of substance use behaviors in adolescence. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1768	"Seely, M., et al. (2008). """"Advances in desertification and climate change research: Are they accessible for application to enhance adaptive capacity?"""" Global and Planetary Change 64(3-4): 236-243."""""	" Sustainable living in and lands is the goal of many, including local residents, policy-makers and scientists. Research into desertification and climate change has the potential to significantly enhance livelihoods of resident people. It also has the potential to contribute to their capacity for risk reduction, improved natural resources management and adaptation to climatic and other changes in multi-stressor systems. This potential is not frequently realised. To effectively ensure that scientific insights and contemporary technologies are applied, active involvement of and feedback from those who apply and use the benefits offered by science and technology are required. Scientists and technologists have to address the diverse, mainly non-technical, aspects required to understand and cope with endemic climate variability, desertification and climate change. They need to appropriately tailor their approaches to disseminate results, and communicate their findings in a way that can be understood and readily implemented by policy-makers, politicians and communities. At the same time, they must learn from experiences gained through implementation by users at all levels. The challenges of making the necessary connections between the combinatory effects of desertification and climate change and their effective application are explored and tested. It was found that several key factors contribute to making the necessary connections to facilitate application on all levels of research advances. These include translation, information dissemination, communication, communication platforms, boundary organisations and leadership contributing to knowledge, motivation and capacity. The purpose of this paper is to assess research experiences from integrated land and water resource management, the application of renewable energy and energy efficiency, and local-level monitoring of natural resources and their application to the challenges of desertification and climate change. The conclusion of this assessment is the identification and description of a common framework that can be applied to address the challenges of desertification and climate change. (C) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1769	"Sekiya, M., et al. (2014). """"Nanocommunication design in graduate-level education and research training programs at Osaka University."""" Journal of Nanoparticle Research 16(9)."""""	" After more than ten years of strategic investment research and development supported by government policies on science and technology, nanotechnology in Japan is making a transition from the knowledge creation stage of exploratory research to the stage of making the outcomes available for the benefit of society as a whole. Osaka University has been proactive in discussions about the relationship between nanotechnology and society as part of graduate and continuing education programs. These programs are intended to fulfill the social accountability obligation of scientists and corporations involved in R&D, and to deepen their understanding of the relationship between science and society. To meet those aims, the program has covered themes relating to overall public engagement relating to nanotechnology governance, such as risk management of nanomaterials, international standardization for nanotechnology, nanomeasurement, intellectual property management in an open innovation environment, and interactive communication with society. Nanotechnology is an emerging field of science and technology. This paper reports and comments on initiatives for public engagement on nanotechnology at Osaka University's Institute for NanoScience Design, which aims to create new technologies based on nanotechnology that can help realize a sustainable society."""
NaN		1770	"Selwyn, D. (2011). """"Encouraging Student Research."""" Social Education 75(5): 277-280."""""	" The author wanted help in learning how to be more effective at supporting his students to learn how to conduct effective research so he interviewed several historians, artists, and educators about the ways in which they carry out their research, and how those researchers who are currently in classrooms help their students to learn and develop these skills. All were clear that they had no magic formula that could be followed by others, but there was significant agreement in what the researchers shared: (1) The research experience is most likely to be successful if the researcher cares about the topic, if the research matters to him or her  (2) Research takes time. It is imperative that researchers have adequate time to carry out the several steps of the research process  (3) The process of pursuing a research question frequently takes researchers beyond the boundaries of any one discipline "" (4) Listening may be """"the"""" key skill in conducting research. This means listening to oneself, first, and then being able to listen to others as the research process unfolds""  (5) The best research leads to an authentic consequence for the researcher, and for others  and (6) There are many ways of communicating research findings, and the researcher can choose the most effective means of sharing what they have found, based on what they want to communicate, to whom, and for what purpose. In this article, the author briefly discusses each of these points, bringing the thoughts and experiences of his consultants to the conversation whenever possible."""
NaN		1771	"Sengupta, A. and S. Z. Schiller (2010). """"FlexRFID: A design, development and deployment framework for RFID-based business applications."""" Information Systems Frontiers 12(5): 551-562."""""	" The surge of RFID technology and ensuing competition in the RFID vendor market has increased the complexity of integration of RFID into current business processes. To address this problem, we present FlexRFID, a modeling template composed of state indicators, conditions, a simulation engine, and a device-independent deployment architecture for rapid prototyping of control applications using RFID and sensor hardware. The modeling technique is based on Moore Machines, a variant of finite state automata that allow states to be associated with outputs. With FlexRFID, users design applications by modeling business logic via transition of states based on sensor events. Outputs associated with individual states can handle operational characteristics of the application. In this article, we present the modeling methodology and demonstrate how organizations can develop complex applications easily using FlexRFID. We believe that the simplicity and flexibility of FlexRFID will lead to the development of RFID applications quickly even with limited resources. In addition, the parking entry application presented in our paper demonstrates FlexRFID's capability of being used in business application context, as well as in research, training, and teaching."""
NaN		1772	"Sense, A. J. (2016). """"Work-based research degrees: systematic cultivation through a University-industry network space."""" Studies in Higher Education 41(6): 933-954."""""	" The purpose of this paper is to expound on an innovative approach to cultivating work-based Doctorates and Masters of Philosophy degrees, which involves close collaboration between industry organisations and a tertiary institution. This paper also reports on an examination of the programme's structural ability to help develop the learning capability of the candidates involved. This network model inspires and facilitates these work-based candidates' research actions and builds individual (and organisational) knowledge while enhancing their learning capability. The primary considerations for higher education practice revolve around work-based research degrees being actively and fittingly supported by all direct stakeholders and the management of those stakeholder relationships. This approach to fostering work-based research degrees provides tertiary institutions pragmatic avenues to be more relevant to and valued by industry, while facilitating the development of highly educated and skilled industry-based scholars."""
NaN		1773	"Serenko, A. and J. Dumay (2015). """"Citation classics published in Knowledge Management journals. Part II: Studying research trends and discovering the Google Scholar Effect."""" Journal of Knowledge Management 19(6): 1335-1355."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this study was to discover growing, stable and declining knowledge management (KM) research trends. Design/methodology/approach: Citations to 100 KM citation classics as identified by Serenko and Dumay (2015) were collected and analyzed for growing, stable and declining research trends. Findings: This research has two findings that were not theoretically expected. First, a majority of KM citation classics exhibit a bimodal citation distribution peak. Second, there are a growing number of citations for all research topics. These unexpected findings warranted further theoretical elaboration and empirical investigation. The analysis of erroneous citations and a five-year citation trend (2009 – 2013) reveals that the continuously growing volume of citations may result from what the authors call the Google Scholar Effect. Research limitations/implications: The results from this study open up two significant research opportunities. First, more research is needed to understand the impact Google Scholar is having on domains beyond KM. Second, more comprehensive research on the impact of erroneous citations is required because these have the most potential for damaging academic discourse and reputation. Practical implications: Researchers need to be aware of how technology is changing their profession and their citation behavior because of the pressure from the contemporary 'publish or perish' environment, which prevents research from being state-of-the-art. Similarly, KM reviewers and editors need to be more aware of the pressure and prevalence of mis-citations and take action to raise awareness and to prevent mis-citations. Originality/value: This study is important from a scientometric research perspective as part of a growing research field using Google Scholar to measure the impact and power it has in influencing what gets cited and by whom. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1774	"Seshadri, R. M., et al. (2015). """"Training and practice of the next generation HPB surgeon: analysis of the 2014 AHPBA residents' and fellows' symposium survey."""" Hpb 17(12): 1096-1104."""""	" Background: Hepato-pancreato-biliary (HPB) surgery is a complex subspecialty drawing from varied training pools, and the need for competency is rapidly growing. However, no board certification process or standardized training metrics in HPB surgery exist in the Americas. This study aims to assess the attitudes of current trainees and HPB surgeons regarding the state of training, surgical practice and the HPB surgical job market in the Americas. Study Design: A 20-question survey was distributed to members of Americas Hepato-Pancreato-Biliary Association (AHPBA) with a valid e-mail address who attended the 2014 AHPBA. Descriptive statistics were generated for both the aggregate survey responses and by training category. Results: There were 176 responses with evenly distributed training tracks  surgical oncology (44, 28%), transplant (39, 24.8%) and HPB (38, 24.2%). The remaining tracks were HPB/Complex gastrointestinal (GI) and HPB/minimally invasive surgery (MIS) (29, 16% and 7, 4%). 51.2% of respondents thought a dedicated HPB surgery fellowship would be the best way to train HPB surgeons, and 68.1% felt the optimal training period would be a 2-year clinical fellowship with research opportunities. This corresponded to the 67.5% of the practicing HPB surgeons who said they would prefer to attend an HPB fellowship for 2 years as well. Overall, most respondents indicated their ideal job description was clinical practice with the ability to engage in clinical and/or outcomes research (52.3%). Conclusions: This survey has demonstrated that HPB surgery has many training routes and practice patterns in the Americas. It highlights the need for specialized HPB surgical training and career education. This survey shows that there are many ways to train in HPB. A 2-year HPB fellowship was felt to be the best way to train to prepare for a clinically active HPB practice with clinical and outcomes research focus."""
NaN		1775	"Seung, E., et al. (2014). """"Exploring Preservice Elementary Teachers' Understanding of the Essential Features of Inquiry-Based Science Teaching Using Evidence-Based Reflection."""" Research in Science Education 44(4): 507-529."""""	" This study explored preservice elementary teachers' and their mentors' understanding of the essential features of inquiry-based teaching through the use of evidence-based reflection. The web-based video analysis tool (VAT) system was used to support preservice teachers' and mentors' evidence-based reflection during field experiences. Major data sources included VAT reflections and individual interviews. Data analysis indicated that the preservice teachers had been involved in various activities designed to support their understanding of inquiry features in a science methods class  they did not implement all of the features in their actual teaching. Both preservice teachers and mentors had difficulty connecting appropriate inquiry features to each teaching episode, which indicates their lack of understanding of inquiry. Both the preservice teachers and mentors had different levels of understanding for each feature. That is, they tended to understand certain features better than others. They interpreted each feature of inquiry-based science teaching too broadly. They also either had a teacher-centered view or tended to focus on issues unrelated to science teaching."""
NaN		1776	"Sevketoglu, E., et al. (2009). """"Knowledge and attitude of Turkish parents regarding car safety seats for children."""" Ulusal Travma Ve Acil Cerrahi Dergisi-Turkish Journal of Trauma & Emergency Surgery 15(5): 482-486."""""	" BACKGROUND One of the major causes of death among children younger than 15 years is vehicular injury. Car safety seats protect children in a crash if they are used correctly. The objective of this study was to assess the level of parental knowledge and their attitudes regarding car safety seats. METHODS The survey was conducted in May and June 2007 at Bakirkoy Dr. Sadi Konuk Research-Training Hospital. Randomly selected parents were asked to complete an anonymous self-administered questionnaire after providing informed consent. Five hundred thirty-two Turkish parents were sampled. RESULTS Twenty-eight percent of the parents did not know what a car safety seat was. While 20% of parents reported using a car safety seat, only 10% used them correctly. Car safety seat use was correlated with higher socioeconomic status. CONCLUSION Increased education of parents regarding the proper use of child safety seats can protect children from potentially fatal injuries. Health care professionals are obligated to give information to parents regarding car safety seats and their proper use. This study should alert planners and policy makers regarding the need to implement educational prevention programs concerning car safety for children in Turkey."""
NaN		1777	"Seymour, E., et al. (2007). """"Establishing the Benefits of Research Experiences for Undergraduates in the Sciences: First Findings from a Three-Year Study."""" Science Education 88(4): 493-534."""""	" Descriptions of student-identified benefits of undergraduate research experiences are drawn from analysis of 76 first-round student interviews gathered at the end of summer 2000 at four participating liberal arts colleges (Grinnell, Harvey Mudd, Hope, and Wellesley). As part of the interview protocol, students commented on a checklist of possible benefits derived from the literature. They also added gains that were not on this list. Students were overwhelmingly positive: 91% of all statements referenced gains from their experiences. Few negative, ambivalent, or qualified assessments of their research experiences were offered. The benefits described were of seven different kinds. Expressed as percentages of all reported gains, they were personal/professional gains (28%) "" """"thinking and working like a scientist"""" (28%)""  gains in various skills (19%)  clarification/confirmation of career plans (including graduate school) (12%)  enhanced career/graduate school preparation (9%)  shifts in attitudes to learning and working as a researcher (4%)  and other benefits (1%)."""
NaN		1778	"Shackleton, C. M., et al. (2009). """"Beyond Just Research: Experiences from Southern Africa in Developing Social Learning Partnerships for Resource Conservation Initiatives."""" Biotropica 41(5): 563-570."""""	" There is a well-acknowledged communication or knowledge gap between scientists and decision-makers. Many scientists who take on the challenge of narrowing this gap operate on the understanding that their role is to communicate their findings in a one-way flow of information: from science to decision-makers. However, to be effective scientists must engage in an ongoing social learning process with decision-makers, and regard themselves as facilitators, and also as one among many stakeholders who have valid and important ecological knowledge. The developing world poses some particular challenges in this regard, specifically in terms of the large number of local level subsistence resources users who are important de facto decision-makers. We examine four natural resource management case studies from South Africa that differ in spatial scale and complexity, ranging from a single village to a whole biome. We distil seven lessons to help guide development of social learning processes and organizations in similar situations relating to natural resource planning and management. The lessons pertain to: maintaining 'key individuals' within social learning processes  the role of researchers  the formulation of research questions that social learning processes require adaptive long-term funding and capacity support  that local resource users are key decision-makers in developing countries  some perspectives on knowledge  and the need to measure research success."""
NaN		1780	"Shaffer, C. D., et al. (2010). """"The Genomics Education Partnership: Successful Integration of Research into Laboratory Classes at a Diverse Group of Undergraduate Institutions."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 9(1): 55-69."""""	" Genomics is not only essential for students to understand biology but also provides unprecedented opportunities for undergraduate research. The goal of the Genomics Education Partnership (GEP), a collaboration between a growing number of colleges and universities around the country and the Department of Biology and Genome Center of Washington University in St. Louis, is to provide such research opportunities. Using a versatile curriculum that has been adapted to many different class settings, GEP undergraduates undertake projects to bring draft-quality genomic sequence up to high quality and/or participate in the annotation of these sequences. GEP undergraduates have improved more than 2 million bases of draft genomic sequence from several species of ""Drosophila"""" and have produced hundreds of gene models using evidence-based manual annotation. Students appreciate their ability to make a contribution to ongoing research, and report increased independence and a more active learning approach after participation in GEP projects. They show knowledge gains on pre- and postcourse quizzes about genes and genomes and in bioinformatic analysis. Participating faculty also report professional gains, increased access to genomics-related technology, and an overall positive experience. We have found that using a genomics research project as the core of a laboratory course is rewarding for both faculty and students. (Contains 10 figures and 2 tables.)"""""
NaN		1779	"Shaffer, C. D., et al. (2010). """"The Genomics Education Partnership: Successful Integration of Research into Laboratory Classes at a Diverse Group of Undergraduate Institutions."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 9(1): 55-69."""""	" Genomics is not only essential for students to understand biology but also provides unprecedented opportunities for undergraduate research. The goal of the Genomics Education Partnership (GEP), a collaboration between a growing number of colleges and universities around the country and the Department of Biology and Genome Center of Washington University in St. Louis, is to provide such research opportunities. Using a versatile curriculum that has been adapted to many different class settings, GEP undergraduates undertake projects to bring draft-quality genomic sequence up to high quality and/or participate in the annotation of these sequences. GEP undergraduates have improved more than 2 million bases of draft genomic sequence from several species of Drosophila and have produced hundreds of gene models using evidence-based manual annotation. Students appreciate their ability to make a contribution to ongoing research, and report increased independence and a more active learning approach after participation in GEP projects. They show knowledge gains on pre- and postcourse quizzes about genes and genomes and in bioinformatic analysis. Participating faculty also report professional gains, increased access to genomics-related technology, and an overall positive experience. We have found that using a genomics research project as the core of a laboratory course is rewarding for both faculty and students."""
NaN		1781	"Shaffer, C. D., et al. (2014). """"A Course-Based Research Experience: How Benefits Change with Increased Investment in Instructional Time."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 13(1): 111-130."""""	" There is widespread agreement that science, technology, engineering, and mathematics programs should provide undergraduates with research experience. Practical issues and limited resources, however, make this a challenge. We have developed a bioinformatics project that provides a course-based research experience for students at a diverse group of schools and offers the opportunity to tailor this experience to local curriculum and institution-specific student needs. We assessed both attitude and knowledge gains, looking for insights into how students respond given this wide range of curricular and institutional variables. While different approaches all appear to result in learning gains, we find that a significant investment of course time is required to enable students to show gains commensurate to a summer research experience. An alumni survey revealed that time spent on a research project is also a significant factor in the value former students assign to the experience one or more years later. We conclude: 1) implementation of a bioinformatics project within the biology curriculum provides a mechanism for successfully engaging large numbers of students in undergraduate research  2) benefits to students are achievable at a wide variety of academic institutions  and 3) successful implementation of course-based research experiences requires significant investment of instructional time for students to gain full benefit. [Contains 82 pages of Supplemental Material, which can be found at: http://www.lifescied.org/content/suppl/2014/02/12/13.1.111.DC1.html.]"""
NaN		1782	"Shah, H., et al. (2007). """"ALTAR in action: knowledge management."""" European Journal of Information Systems 16(6): 771-779."""""	" This paper describes the knowledge management ( KM) aspects of an action research ( AR) project that took place in a large U. K. manufacturing organisation, Britvic Soft Drinks Ltd. The ALTAR ( Achieving Learning Through Action Research) approach described in an earlier paper was developed through the KM project described in this paper. The ALTAR approach was intended to facilitate organisational learning and academic research and the study involved a number of AR cycles at different levels of the collaborating organisation. Theoretical concepts were taken from the academic literature and were developed for practical use and fed back into the academic research. The knowledge value chain, in particular, helped the organisation to focus on the essential aspects of KM. The research- led thinking was useful in helping Britvic staff to define and understand the importance of knowledge, to identify what knowledge assets they owned and to understand how that knowledge could be harnessed. The research facilitated individuals' understanding of how better to access the knowledge of others and to share their own knowledge to benefit the whole organisation. From an academic point of view, the AR project facilitated academic research, stimulated organisational change and learning provided useful material for research outputs, teaching and learning and promoted future research opportunities."""
NaN		1783	"Shah, S. K., et al. (2011). """"Clinical research and global health: Mentoring the next generation of health care students."""" Global Public Health: An International Journal for Research, Policy and Practice 6(3): 234-246."""""	" Interest in global health and opportunities to conduct clinical research at international sites have increased markedly for health profession trainees. With this increase in demand comes an increase in the need for mentors at international and home institutions to provide guidance with designing, implementing and analysing clinical research projects that benefit both the trainees and the research site. In this article, we provide an overview of our insights gained through mentoring in the international setting and suggest a series of key points to help ensure an enjoyable and productive international clinical research experience for both trainees and mentors. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1784	"Shakiba, B., et al. (2007). """"A jumpstart for student researchers in Iran."""" The Lancet 369(9568): 1167-1168."""""	" Health research training is an important part of medical education. The American Association of Medical Colleges recommends that medical students do research projects as a means to promote independent learning and to develop analytical and problem-solving skills. The involvement of students in medical research is dependent on national research activity. In recent years, Iran has undergone substantial development in scientific and medical productivity, but medical education still does not emphasize the importance of research training for medical students. In Iran, the only mandatory research activity for medical students is their graduation dissertation, as is the case in some other countries. Training in medical research skills at the Students' Scientific Research Center at the Tehran University of Medical Sciences is profiled. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1785	"Shanahan, J. O., et al. (2015). """"Ten Salient Practices of Undergraduate Research Mentors: A Review of the Literature."""" Mentoring & Tutoring: Partnership in Learning 23(5): 359-376."""""	" This paper identifies salient practices of faculty mentors of undergraduate research (UR) as indicated in the extensive literature of the past two decades on UR. The well-established benefits for students involved in UR are dependent, first and foremost, on high-quality mentoring. Mentorship is a defining feature of UR. As more and different types of colleges and universities strive to meet student demand for authentic scholarly experiences, it is imperative to identify what effective UR mentors do in order to ensure student engagement, quality enhancement, retention, and degree-completion. We offer an original analysis of the literature on UR mentoring in which we identify 10 significant ""lessons learned,"""" or evidence-based practices of effective UR mentors that apply broadly across disciplines, students, institutions, and mentoring approaches."""""
NaN		1786	"Shaner, S. E., et al. (2016). """"Discovering Inexpensive, Effective Catalysts for Solar Energy Conversion: An Authentic Research Laboratory Experience."""" Journal of Chemical Education 93(4): 650-657."""""	" Electrochemical water oxidation is a major focus of solar energy conversion efforts. A new laboratory experiment has been developed that utilizes real-time, hands-on research to discover catalysts for solar energy conversion. The HARPOON, or Heterogeneous Anodes Rapidly Perused for Oxygen Overpotential Neutralization, experiment allows an array of mixed-metal oxide compositions to be analyzed in parallel to test their activity as water oxidation catalysts. Students create unique combinations of mixed-metal oxide materials, which are then analyzed utilizing a simple, inexpensive system that detects the amount of oxygen evolved during electrolysis. This experiment has the flexibility to be implemented at a variety of educational levels with the depth and breadth of the material covered accordingly. Concepts such as stoichiometry, materials, solutions, and fluorescence can be emphasized, while the research-like experience strengthens students' independence, critical-thinking skills, and excitement for science. An online questionnaire was developed to measure various effects of the experiment on students, including learning gains, attitudes toward chemistry, and motivation to pursue a career in scientific research. The assessment results indicate positive gains for students in their understanding of the social nature of scientific work, scientific literacy, and interest in pursuing additional research opportunities."""
NaN		1787	"Shao, W., et al. (2015). """"Self-regulatory focus and advertising effectiveness."""" Marketing Intelligence & Planning 33(4): 612-632."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to examine the dynamics of self-regulatory focus (SRF) in the context of advertising effectiveness pertaining to rational vs emotional appeals. Past research has dichotomized self-regulatory (SR) foci (i.e. prevention or promotion) on the basis of an individual’s so-called 'chronic' orientation, i.e. high or low prevention focus  high or low promotion focus. However, psychological theorists purport that SRF is orthogonal and, thus, various combinations of both foci are evident in any given population. Design/methodology/approach: A two (rational appeal vs emotional appeal) × two (utilitarian product vs hedonic product) experimental design was used. Data was collected via an online survey instrument which included the stimulus advertisements (experimental manipulations) and the relevant independent (SRF) and dependent measures (advertising effectiveness). Findings: The findings of this study support application of regulatory focus theory (RFT) as an appropriate framework to study consumer behaviour and as a mechanism by which to segment consumers. However, past advertising research has predominantly examined consumer’s 'chronic' foci (i.e. prevention and promotion). This study found that consumers can adopt various combinations of information processing styles and goal orientations and cannot be boxed into dichotomous categories based on either a prevention of promotion focus. As such, the findings reveal very different conclusions in contrast to previous advertising and marketing research in the SRF area. Originality/value: This study is the first to approach SRF from a quadratic perspective (i.e. involving all SRF combinations). In calling to question the validity of previous findings, this study paves the way for numerous future research opportunities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1788	"Shapiro, M. B. (2010). """"Using """"Bad"""" Undergraduate Research to Foster """"Good"""" Attitudes."""" College Teaching 58(2): 47-51."""""	" This paper postulates that having students engage in albeit limited and flawed research is a more effective way of changing attitudes than lecture or discussion. A common goal of the introductory linguistics course is to instill healthy language attitudes, but there is little extant research on the pedagogy of linguistics indicating how this may be accomplished. This case study presents an experimental design that allows students to develop empathy for speakers of stigmatized dialects and serves simultaneously to introduce students to the scientific method and to reinforce the idea of linguistics as a science. It offers ideas that instructors in any discipline dealing with multiculturalism may be able to adapt."""
NaN		1789	"Shareef, M. A., et al. (2015). """"Research-Oriented Series: A Portal into the Culture of Biomedical Research for Junior Medical Students at Alfaisal University in Saudi Arabia."""" Advances in Physiology Education 39(1): 32-38."""""	" Student contributions to research have been shown to effectively reflect on their communication and critical thinking skills. Short-term research courses offer opportunities for medical students to advance their research experience in subsequent high-demanding long-term research opportunities. The purpose of the present study was to describe the development, implementation, and evaluation of a research-oriented series (ROS) on undergraduate students at Alfaisal University in Saudi Arabia. The ROS was designed to comprise eight sessions. Each session addressed core principles and the practice of research concepts and was based on theoretical morning sessions supplemented by afternoon practical sessions delivered by experienced senior medical students and faculty members. Students were assessed comprehensively by the end of the ROS. The series was conducted twice, and 35 students were involved each time. A total of 70 enrolled students (35 men and 35 women) with grade point averages of >3.5 and <3.5 were asked to fill out an anonymous, online, self-administered questionnaire assessing their perception of knowledge, skills, and confidence after attending the ROS and evaluating their senior peers. Ninety percent of the medical students responded to the online survey and rated the ROS highly in improving their research knowledge, skills, and confidence. Male students reported significant gains compared with their female peers (P < 0.05). Grade point averages did not play a role in student gains after attending the ROS. Qualitative responses were in support of three recurring themes favoring the unique learning environment in the ROS. In conclusion, the ROS offers a short-term systematic approach to fundamental steps and concepts of biomedical research."""
NaN		1790	"Sharma, P. and J. H. Chua (2013). """"Asian family enterprises and family business research."""" Asia Pacific Journal of Management 30(3): 641-656."""""	" [Correction Notice: An Erratum for this article was reported in Vol 31(1) of Asia Pacific Journal of Management (see record [rid]2014-07692-012[/rid]). In the original article, there were some mistakes in the reference section and its citation. Lybaert, Voordeckers, and Huybrechts (2013) should be cited as Huybrechts, Voordeckers, and Lybaert (2013) in the body and the correct reference entry is present in the erratum.] This article discusses some of the notable trends in family business research. The critical role of context in building usable knowledge on family enterprises is highlighted. The Asia Pacific region offers a plethora of unique opportunities to build such knowledge as illustrated by some articles in this Special Issue. Families and their enterprises are integral to all Asia Pacific countries. However, the heterogeneity of institutional development and conditions in which these enterprises must operate offer unique research opportunities for scholars to build deeper understanding of family enterprises and contribute to the global knowledge in this important field of study. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1791	"Sharma, P. and J. H. Chua (2014). """"Erratum to: 'Asian family enterprises and family business research'."""" Asia Pacific Journal of Management 31(1): 327-327."""""	" Reports an error in 'Asian family enterprises and family business research' by Pramodita Sharma and Jess H. Chua (Asia Pacific Journal of Management, 2013[Sep], Vol 30[3], 641-656). In the original article, there were some mistakes in the reference section and its citation. Lybaert, Voordeckers, and Huybrechts (2013) should be cited as Huybrechts, Voordeckers, and Lybaert (2013) in the body and the correct reference entry is present in the erratum. (The following abstract of the original article appeared in record [rid]2013-13350-001[/rid]). This article discusses some of the notable trends in family business research. The critical role of context in building usable knowledge on family enterprises is highlighted. The Asia Pacific region offers a plethora of unique opportunities to build such knowledge as illustrated by some articles in this Special Issue. Families and their enterprises are integral to all Asia Pacific countries. However, the heterogeneity of institutional development and conditions in which these enterprises must operate offer unique research opportunities for scholars to build deeper understanding of family enterprises and contribute to the global knowledge in this important field of study. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1792	"Shaw, K., et al. (2013). """"Student Experience of Final-Year Undergraduate Research Projects: An Exploration of """"Research Preparedness""""."""" Studies in Higher Education 38(5): 711-727."""""	" During this past decade the level of interest in building research capacity has intensified in Australia and internationally, with a particular emphasis on the development of postgraduate research students, but also extending to undergraduate research experience. This study investigated the student experience across a diverse range of fourth-year undergraduate research programs in one Australian university, and explored how this prepared students for further research study. A construct of ""research preparedness"""" was developed from several factors, including research self-efficacy, motivation, research environment and orientation towards research. Overall, students were motivated to complete their research, and were confident in their ability to carry out the tasks involved in the research process regardless of the program they were undertaking. On the whole, students enrolled in a one-year research program had the strongest intent to continue on to further research studies, and were more likely to show evidence of research preparedness. (Contains 13 tables and 2 figures.)"""""
NaN		1793	"Shaw, L. and D. Kennepohl (2013). """"Student and Faculty Outcomes of Undergraduate Science Research Projects by Geographically Dispersed Students."""" International Review of Research in Open and Distance Learning 14(5): 69-81."""""	" Senior undergraduate research projects are important components of most undergraduate science degrees. The delivery of such projects in a distance education format is challenging. Athabasca University (AU) science project courses allow distance education students to complete research project courses by working with research supervisors in their local area, coordinated at a distance by AU faculty. This paper presents demographics and course performance for 155 students over five years. Pass rates were similar to other distance education courses. Research students were surveyed by questionnaire, and external supervisors and AU faculty were interviewed, to examine the outcomes of these project courses for each group. Students reported high levels of satisfaction with the course, local supervisors, and faculty coordinators. Students also reported that the experience increased their interest in research, and the probability that they would pursue graduate or additional certification. Local supervisors and faculty affirmed that the purposes of project courses are to introduce the student to research, provide opportunity for students to use their cumulative knowledge, develop cognitive abilities, and independent thinking. The advantages and challenges associated with this course model are discussed."""
NaN		1794	"Shekar, A. (2012). """"RESEARCH-BASED ENQUIRY IN PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION: LESSONS FROM SUPERVISING UNDERGRADUATE FINAL YEAR PROJECTS."""" International Journal of Industrial Engineering-Theory Applications and Practice 19(1): 26-32."""""	" This paper presents an interesting perspective on enquiry-based learning by engineering students through a project and research-based course. It discusses the lessons learned from coordinating and supervising undergraduate research-based project courses in Product Development engineering, at Massey University in New Zealand. Research is undertaken by students at the start and throughout the development project in order to understand the background and trends in the literature and incorporate them in their projects. Further research is done regarding the product's technologies, problem and motivation behind the development, as well as a thorough knowledge of the context and user environment are undertaken. The multi-disciplinary nature of product development, requires students to research widely across disciplinary borders, and then to integrate the results for the goals of designing a new product and journal-style research papers. The Product Development process is a research-based decision-making process and one that needs an enquiring mind and an independent learning approach, as often the problems are open-ended and ill-defined. Both explicit and tacit knowledge are gained through this action-research methodology of learning. Tacit knowledge is gained through the hands-on project experience, experimentation, and learning by doing. Several implications for educators are highlighted, including the need for a greater emphasis on self-learning through research and hands-on practical experience, the importance of developing student research skills, and the value of learning from peer interaction."""
NaN		1795	"Shelhamer, M. (2014). """"Life-sciences research opportunities in commercial suborbital space flight."""" Acta Astronautica 104(1): 432-437."""""	" Commercial suborbital space flights will reach altitudes above 100 km, with 3-5 mm of weightlessness bracketed by high-g launch and landing phases. The proposed frequency of these flights, and the large passenger population, present interesting opportunities for researchers in the life sciences. The characteristics of suborbital flight are between those of parabolic and orbital flights, opening up new scientific possibilities and easing the burden for obtaining access to 0g. There are several areas where these flights might be used for research in the life sciences: (1) operational research: preparation for ""real"""" space flight, such as rehearsal of medical procedures, (2) applied research to answer questions relevant to long-term space flight""  (3) passenger health and safety effects on passengers, relevant to screening and training  (4) basic research in physiological mechanisms to address issues of fundamental science. We describe possible projects in each of these categories. One in particular spans several areas. Based on the anticipated suborbital flight profiles, observations from parabolic flight, and the wide range of fitness and experience levels of suborbital passengers, sensorimotor disturbances such as motion sickness and disorientation are major concerns. Protocols for pre-flight adaptation of sensorimotor responses might help to alleviate some of these problems, based on results from research in the initial flights. This would improve the passenger experience and add to the knowledge base relevant to space flight more generally. (C) 2014 IAA. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1796	"Shell, D. F., et al. (2011). """"The Cosmic Ray Observatory Project: Results of a Summer High-School Student, Teacher, University Scientist Partnership Using a Capstone Research Experience."""" Journal of Science Education and Technology 20(2): 161-177."""""	" This paper reports results from evaluation of the Cosmic Ray Observatory Project (CROP), a student, teacher, scientist partnership to engage high-school students and teachers in school based cosmic ray research. Specifically, this study examined whether an intensive summer workshop experience could effectively prepare teacher-student teams to engage in cutting edge high-energy physics research. Results showed that teachers and students could acquire enough knowledge about cosmic ray physics and self-efficacy for conducting cosmic ray research during a summer workshop to be full participants in an SSP conducting research in their schools, and a capstone anchoring approach using an authentic research activity was effective for motivating student engagement in didactic classroom learning. CROP demonstrated ""proof of concept"""" that setting up cosmic ray detector arrays in schools run by teachers and students was feasible, but found that set-up and operation in a high-school was technically difficult."""""
NaN		1797	"Shepherd, D. A. and H. Patzelt (2013). """"Operational Entrepreneurship: How Operations Management Research Can Advance Entrepreneurship."""" Production and Operations Management 22(6): 1416-1422."""""	" In this article, we introduce the notion of operational entrepreneurshipthe selection and management of transformation processes for recognizing, evaluating, and exploiting opportunities for potential value creationto offer examples of research opportunities at the interface of entrepreneurship and operations management. Specifically, we believe that operations management has been under-utilized for gaining a deeper understanding of (i) the knowledge and motivation required for opportunity recognition, (ii) evaluations of a recognized opportunity to determine if it represents an opportunity for the specific entrepreneur, and (iii) the role that feedback from an exploitation of a current opportunity plays in the recognition and evaluation of subsequent opportunities. We also introduce (but not develop) the notion of entrepreneurial operations."""
NaN		1798	"Shih, J. L., et al. (2010). """"An Inquiry-based Mobile Learning Approach to Enhancing Social Science Learning Effectiveness."""" Educational Technology & Society 13(4): 50-62."""""	" This study presents a mobile exploration activity that guides elementary students to learn during a social science activity with digital support from mobile devices and wireless communications. The students are situated in both the real world and the virtual world to extend their learning experiences. The learning activities between the field and the digital system not only demonstrate the practices of mobile learning, which emphasizes learning that happens close to real life, but also provides digital learning content to facilitate students' field studies. To enhance the learning performance of the students, an inquiry-based mobile learning approach is employed to assist the students in constructing their own knowledge by taking cognitive load into consideration. To evaluate the effectiveness of the innovative approach, 33 fifth grade students were arranged to carry out investigations in the Peace Temple of southern Tainan with the inquiry-based mobile learning system. Through pre- and post-class questionnaires as well as observations and focus group interviews, descriptive quantitative and qualitative data were collected and analyzed. The results show significant positive results in terms of the students' learning."""
NaN		1799	"Shing, R. W. K. (2013). """"Relationships between Early Language Skills and Future Literacy Development in Hong Kong."""" Early Child Development and Care 183(10): 1397-1406."""""	" Practitioners as well as language approach and language development scholars need to work together to create an environment in which research-based learning methods can be put into practice with developmentally appropriate content. Inadequate attention has been given to the crucial language skills that underpin children's language and literacy development because of a traditional focus on method of teaching. Critical language skills include early vocabulary knowledge, narrative skills and phonological awareness. Highlights of why these skills are important (with reference to research findings from the fields of language acquisition and developmental psychology) are followed by an illustration of how these skills can be incorporated into preschool English lessons."""
NaN		1800	"Shreiber, D. I., et al. (2015). """"Multidisciplinary """"Boot Camp"""" Training in Cellular Bioengineering to Accelerate Research Immersion for REU Participants."""" Advances in Engineering Education 4(4): 15."""""	" Research Experiences for Undergraduates (REU) sites widely serve as the first major research gateway for undergraduates seeking a structured research experience. Given their lack of prior research skills, and the highly compressed duration of the REU programs, these students frequently encounter barriers to a seamless transition into a new laboratory environment. We hypothesized that the design of a unified short course on laboratory and analysis techniques could serve as a pivotal orientation experience. Our goal was to rapidly align student expertise to their summer research goals while also integrating the student participants into a cohesive learning community. This article discusses the design and outcomes of a Cellular Bioengineering Boot Camp, which is offered at the outset of the 10-week REU site at Rutgers. The Boot Camp provides hands-on, supervised training for techniques and procedures that are common among projects. The training establishes a common language and baseline for the REU students and allows their first laboratory experiences to be with each other, and creates an immediate network of peers and mentors. Surveys before and after the Boot Camp and at the end of the summer indicated a significant improvement in student proficiency in the techniques that was retained throughout the summer. We believe that the Boot Camp approach can be tailored to the specifics of each REU site and its associated projects and research foci."""
NaN		1801	"Shukla, D. and A. P. Dungsungnoen (2016). """"Student's Perceived Level and Teachers' Teaching Strategies of Higher Order Thinking Skills: A Study on Higher Educational Institutions in Thailand."""" Journal of Education and Practice 7(12): 211-219."""""	" Higher order thinking skills (HOTS) has portrayed immense industry demand and the major goal of educational institution in imparting education is to inculcate higher order thinking skills. This compiles and mandate the institutions and instructor to develop the higher order thinking skills among students in order to prepare them for effective performance and meet the employers' expectations (Heong et al., 2011). Role of teaching strategies plays a vital role in such inculcation where students can analyze, interpret, reason out, synthesize, evaluate and create. The current study signifies the perceptual understanding of higher order thinking skills of the graduate passing through the higher educational institutions in Thailand. The study also contributes to the literature with bridging the conceptual gap with examining the relationship between teachers' professional components with teaching strategy of higher order thinking skills. The study has explored the perceived level of HOTS among students and its difference between genders. It has also attempted to know the teaching strategies for the inculcation of HOTS being practiced in Thailand and its relations with teachers' professional component such as designation, educational qualifications, teaching experience, research experience and training and workshop exposure. The research participants into the study are 126 teachers and 659 students. This incorporates survey within various courses of leading International higher educational institutions and universities in Bangkok. Two survey instruments were employed  the first survey was administered on teachers intending to measure the teaching strategies to impart higher order thinking skills and teachers' professional component. The second instrument has undertaken the Mazaro's rubric for specific task and situation to assess the perceived level of higher order thinking skills among students. The finding of the study revealed that students have shown medium level of higher order thinking skills. The teachers are using more knowledge development and application strategies. The teachers' professional components such as designation, teaching experience and qualification are significantly correlated with strategies used for imparting higher order thinking skills. Based on the observation study has furnished suggested measures and future dimensions of the research."""
NaN		1802	"Sibbald, S. L., et al. (2015). """"Squaring Circles: The Gap for Interdisciplinary Trainees in a Discipline-Driven Academy."""" International Journal of Higher Education 4(3): 63-67."""""	" The growth of interdisciplinary health services research training programs across Canada has in part been due to acknowledgement of and efforts to bridge a gap between researchers, policy makers and practitioners. Consequently, a new breed of interdisciplinary health services researchers (many of whom have specialization in knowledge translation) are now ready to meet complex system demands only to find limited career opportunities. We argue that the investments for advancing interdisciplinary health services training have not been paralleled with post-training positions in academia and elsewhere, and change must occur."""
NaN		1803	"Sibley, L. M., et al. (2014). """"A regional comparison of distribution strategies and women's awareness, receipt, and use of misoprostol to prevent postpartum hemorrhage in rural Amhara and Oromiya regions of Ethiopia."""" Journal of Midwifery & Women's Health 59(Suppl 1): S73-S82."""""	" Introduction: In Ethiopia, postpartum hemorrhage is a leading cause of maternal death. The Maternal Health in Ethiopia Partnership (MaNHEP) project developed a community-based model of maternal and newborn health focusing on birth and early postpartum care. Implemented in the Amhara and Oromiya regions, the model included misoprostol to prevent postpartum hemorrhage. This article describes regional trends in women’s use of misoprostol  their awareness, receipt, and use of misoprostol at project’s endline  and factors associated with its use. Methods: The authors assessed trends in use of misoprostol using monthly data from MaNHEP’s quality improvement database  and awareness, receipt, use, and correct use of misoprostol using data from MaNHEP’s endline survey of 1019 randomly sampled women who gave birth during the year prior to the survey. Results: Misoprostol use increased rapidly and was relatively stable over 20 months, but regional differences were stark. At endline, significantly more women in Oromiya were aware of misoprostol compared with women who resided in Amhara (94%vs 59%)  significantly more had received misoprostol (80% vs 35%)  significantly more had received it during pregnancy (93% vs 48%)  and significantly more had received it through varied sources. Most women who received misoprostol used it (>95%) irrespective of age, parity, or education. Factors associated with use were Oromiya residence (odds ratio [OR] 9.48  95% confidence interval [CI], 6.78–13.24), attending 2 or more Community Maternal and Newborn Health (CMNH) family meetings (OR 2.62  95% CI, 1.89–3.63), receiving antenatal care (OR 1.67  95% CI, 1.08–2.58) and being attended at birth by a skilled provider or trained health extension worker, community health development agent, or traditional birth attendant versus an untrained caregiver or no one. Correct use was associated with having attended 2 or more CMNH family meetings (OR 2.02  95% CI, 1.35–3.03). Discussion: Multiple distribution channels increase women’s access to misoprostol. Most women who have access to misoprostol use it. Early distribution to pregnant women who are educated to use misoprostol appears to be safe and unrelated to choice of birthplace. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1804	"Sibley, L. M., et al. (2014). """"Improving maternal and newborn health care delivery in rural Amhara and Oromiya regions of Ethiopia through the Maternal and Newborn Health in Ethiopia Partnership."""" Journal of Midwifery & Women's Health 59(Suppl 1): S6-S20."""""	" Introduction: In Ethiopia, rural residence and limited access to skilled providers and health services pose challenges for maternal and newborn survival. The Maternal Health in Ethiopia Partnership (MaNHEP) developed a community-based model of maternal and newborn health focusing on birth and the early postnatal period and positioned it for scale-up.MaNHEP’s 3-pronged intervention included community- and facility-based community maternal and newborn health training, continuous quality improvement, and behavior change communications. Methods: Evaluation included baseline and endline surveys conducted with random samples of health extension workers, community health development agents, traditional birth attendants (TBAs), and women who gave birth the year prior to the survey  pretraining, posttraining, and postintervention clinical skills assessments conducted with health extension workers, community health development agents, and traditional birth attendants  endline surveys conducted with quality improvement teams  and a perinatal verbal autopsy study. Results: There were significant improvements in the completeness of maternal and newborn health care provided by the team of health extension workers, community health development agents, and TBAs in their demonstrated capacity and confidence to provide care and a sense of being part of a maternal and newborn health care team. There were also significant improvements in women’s awareness of and trust in the ability of these team members to provide maternal and newborn health care, in the completeness of care that women received, and in the use of skilled providers and health extension workers for antenatal and postnatal care. In addition, a shift occurred toward the use of providers with a higher level of skills for birth care. Successful local solutions for pregnancy identification, antenatal care registration, labor-birth notification, and postnatal follow-up were adopted across 51 project communities. The number of days between perinatal deaths increased over the duration of the project. Discussion: MaNHEP was associated with more, and more complete, coverage of maternal and newborn health care and improved perinatal outcomes. The model is adaptable and potentially scalable, as indicated by the pilot test of its integration into the Ethiopian Ministry of Health’s newly revised Primary Health Care Unit and Health Extension Program structures. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1805	"Siddharthan, T., et al. (2016). """"Global Health Education in Pulmonary and Critical Care Medicine Fellowships."""" Annals of the American Thoracic Society 13(6): 779-783."""""	" A growing number of pulmonary and critical care medicine fellowship programs in the United States offer global health training opportunities. Formal, integrated global health programs within pulmonary and critical care fellowships are relatively new but are built on principles and ideals of global health that focus on the mutually beneficial exchange of knowledge and social justice. Although core competencies consistent with these overarching themes in global health education have not been formalized for pulmonary and critical care trainees, relevant competency areas include clinical knowledge, international research training, cultural competency, and clinical and research capacity building. Existing global health education in U.S. pulmonary and critical care medicine training programs can generally be classified as one of three different models: integrated global health tracks, global health electives, and additional research years. Successful global health education programs foster partnerships and collaborations with international sites that emphasize bidirectional exchange. This bidirectional exchange includes ongoing, equitable commitments to mutual opportunities for training and professional development, including a focus on the particular knowledge and skill sets critical for addressing the unique priorities of individual countries. However, barriers related to the availability of mentorship, funding, and dedicated time exist to expanding global health education in pulmonary and critical care medicine. The implementation of global health training within pulmonary and critical care medicine programs requires continued optimization, but this training is essential to prepare the next generation of physicians to address the global aspects of respiratory disease and critical illness."""
NaN		1806	"Siegford, J. M., et al. (2010). """"Opportunities for Learning about Animal Welfare from Online Courses to Graduate Degrees."""" Journal of Veterinary Medical Education 37(1): 49-55."""""	" Knowledge of animal welfare has become essential for veterinarians. However, there is no clear consensus about how to provide veterinarians and students with this critical information. The challenges associated with finding qualified instructors and fitting additional courses into an already full curriculum mean that options for learning about animal welfare beyond the veterinary school classroom must be explored. Online courses can be excellent ways for veterinary students and graduate veterinarians to become familiar with current animal-welfare science, assessment schemes, and regulations while removing geographical barriers and scheduling difficulties. Faculty at Michigan State University have created an online animal-welfare course with lecture material from experts in welfare-related social and scientific fields that provides an overview of the underlying concepts as well as opportunities to practice assessing welfare. However, to develop expertise in animal welfare, veterinarians need more than a single course. Graduate degrees can be a way of obtaining additional knowledge and scientific expertise. Traditional thesis-based graduate programs in animal-welfare science are available in animal-science departments and veterinary colleges throughout North America and offer students in-depth research experience in specific areas or species of interest. Alternatively, the University of Guelph offers a year-long Master of Science degree in which students complete a series of courses with a specialization in animal behavior and welfare along with a focused research project and paper. In summary, a range of options exist that can be tailored to provide graduate veterinarians and veterinary students with credible education regarding animal welfare beyond the veterinary curriculum."""
NaN		1807	"Sigfridsson, A. and A. Sheehan (2011). """"On qualitative methodologies and dispersed communities: Reflections on the process of investigating an open source community."""" Information and Software Technology 53(9): 981-993."""""	" Context: Qualitative methodologies hold much potential for building an understanding of the principles and practices of free and open source software (FOSS) communities. Yet there is a scarcity in the literature of discussions focused on the practical and methodological challenges of this particular research context. Objective: This paper formulates and addresses a number of questions regarding the applicability of qualitative methodologies for the study of FOSS communities. It reflects on the challenges of such approaches as seen in previous research efforts and discusses how they manifest in research practice through a thorough description of a case study of a community called PyPy. Method: The paper primarily discusses interpretive research approaches which are based on ethnographic data collection methods. The study under discussion was an exploratory case study utilizing multiple methods, including participant observation, virtual ethnography, and open-ended questionnaires. Grounded Theory was used for data analysis. Results: Two broad sets of challenges are highlighted in relation to the multidimensionality of the FOSS phenomenon and the difficulty of qualitative analysis of activities in long-term context. Additional issues identified relate to potential problems with focus and the need for reflexivity, but also to the extent of the study and the importance of maintaining an active relationship with the core community group. Conclusion: This paper provides an overview - grounded in practical research experience and linked to insights from the literature - of methodological issues in the specific research area of qualitative studies of FOSS communities, which up until now has been lacking. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1808	"Sikes, S. S. and R. D. Schwartz-Bloom (2009). """"Direction Discovery: A Science Enrichment Program for High School Students."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 37(2): 77-83."""""	" Launch into education about pharmacology (LEAP) is an inquiry-based science enrichment program designed to enhance competence in biology and chemistry and foster interest in science careers especially among under-represented minorities. The study of how drugs work, how they enter cells, alter body chemistry, and exit the body engages students to conceptualize fundamental precepts in biology, chemistry, and math. Students complete an intensive three-week course in the fundamentals of pharmacology during the summer followed by a mentored research component during the school year. Following a 5E learning paradigm, the summer course captures student interest by introducing controversial topics in pharmacology and provides a framework that guides them to explore topics in greater detail. The 5E learning cycle is recapitulated as students extend their knowledge to design and to test an original research question in pharmacology. LEAP students demonstrated significant gains in biology and chemistry knowledge and interests in pursuing science. Several students earned honors for the presentation of their research in regional and state science fairs. Success of the LEAP model in its initial 2 years argues that coupling college-level coursework of interest to teens with an authentic research experience enhances high school student success in and enthusiasm for science. (Contains 3 tables and 3 figures.)"""
NaN		1809	"Silberman, E. K., et al. (2012). """"Recruiting researchers in psychiatry: The influence of residency vs. early motivation."""" Academic Psychiatry 36(2): 85-90."""""	" Background: The declining numbers of clinician-researchers in psychiatry and other medical specialties has been a subject of growing concern. Residency training has been cited as an important factor in recruiting new researchers, but there are essentially no data to support this assertion. This study aimed to explore which factors have influenced motivation to conduct research among senior psychiatry residents. Methods: The authors surveyed senior residents, inquiring about their level of interest in research, demographics, background, research experiences, and factors influencing motivation for research. The authors had confirmed participation from 16 of 33 residency programs with a class size of 10 or more. They received 127 responses, a 67% response rate, from participating programs. Results: Residents with high stated interest in research differed from those with low and moderate interest in their research-intense post-residency plans. They were more likely to have graduate degrees. Those planning research careers had a consistent pattern of interest and involvement in research, starting well before residency. The majority of residents had had research exposure in college, but research involvement of those with very high versus lower interest diverged sharply thereafter. Those with high research interest were overwhelmingly male and tended to have lower debt than those with less interest. Conclusion: The great majority of residents appear to have decided whether or not to pursue a research career by the time they reached residency, and few of those with less than the highest research interest were enrolled in research tracks. Efforts to increase recruitment into research should center on identifying early developmental influences, eliminating barriers specific to women, and ensuring adequate funding to provide secure careers for talented potential researchers. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1810	"Silverstein, S. C., et al. (2009). """"Teachers' participation in research programs improves students' achievement in science."""" Science 326(5951): 440-442."""""	" Research experience programs engage teachers in the hands-on practice of science. Program advocates assert that program participation enhances teachers' skills in communicating science to students. We measured the impact of New York City public high-school science teachers' participation in Columbia University's Summer Research Program on their students' academic performance in science. In the year before program entry, students of participating and nonparticipating teachers passed a New York State Regents science examination at the same rate. In years three and four after program entry, participating teachers' students passed Regents science exams at a rate that was 10.1% higher (P = 0.049) than that of nonparticipating teachers' students. Other program benefits include decreased teacher attrition from classroom teaching and school cost savings of U.S. $1.14 per $1 invested in the program. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1811	"Siminerio, L. M., et al. (2007). """"US nurses' perceptions of their role in diabetes care: Results of the Cross-national Diabetes Attitudes Wishes and Needs (DAWN) study."""" The Diabetes Educator 33(1): 152-162."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this study was to examine nurse and physician perceptions of nurse involvement and roles in diabetes care. Methods: The study used a cross-sectional design with face-to-face or telephone interviews of diabetes health care professionals in 13 countries from Asia, Australia, Europe, and North America. This article focuses on the data from US health care providers. The US sample included 51 generalist nurses, 50 diabetes specialist nurses, 166 generalist physicians, and 50 diabetes specialist physicians. Results: Nurses and physicians agreed that nurses should take a larger role in managing diabetes. Most common differences identified between nurses and physicians were that nurses provide better education, spend more time with patients, were better listeners, and knew their patients better than physicians. All nurses had a high perceived need for better understanding of psychosocial issues and were more likely than physicians to suggest helping patients to take responsibility for their care. Nurses more than physicians also said better communication was needed. Generalist nurses report that they act as intermediaries and facilitate patient appointment keeping. Specialist nurses talk to patients about self-management, teach medication management, have a higher level of involvement in medication prescribing, and are more willing to take on additional responsibilities than generalist nurses. Conclusions: There is an increased need for more involvement by nurses, particularly specialist nurses, in diabetes care. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1812	"Simon, R. (2013). """"""""Starting with What Is"""": Exploring Response and Responsibility to Student Writing through Collaborative Inquiry."""" English Education 45(2): 115-146."""""	" This article examines student teachers' investigations of issues related to writing pedagogy, response, and evaluation in an English methods course, including their use of descriptive review of student writing (Carini, 2001) to analyze adolescents' work collaboratively. Beginning with an examination of prevailing understandings of writing assessment and common instructional models in schools, the article explores critical inquiry-based approaches. This research documents how collaborative investigations encouraged student teachers to explore meaning and intentionality in student writing and to regard students as authors with intentionality and purpose. Findings substantiate adolescents' and student teachers' intellectual and experiential resources, suggesting how these can be a foundation for expanding conceptions and practices related to writing pedagogy, assessment, inquiry-based teaching, and teacher education."""
NaN		1815	"Simons, L. E. (2013). """"Growing up in the society of pediatric psychology: Reflections of an early career psychologist."""" Journal of Pediatric Psychology 38(2): 132-134."""""	" As an eager undergraduate from Ohio University searching for the perfect clinical psychology graduate program, I had two primary criteria: (1) a pediatric psychology focus and (2) one that is located south of the Mason-Dixon Line. I grew up in Ohio and envisioned graduate schools as an opportunity to not only pursue my passion to work with children in the medical setting but also to enjoy a warmer climate. For those of you who do not know Ron Blount well, he is a die-hard Society of Pediatric Psychology (SPP) enthusiast, and it did not take me long to understand why. When I found out that I had received the 2012 Donald K. Routh Early Career Award, I was elated. As I continue to implement the advice I have received over the years, I look toward the future with two additional thoughts. Going forward as I make the transition beyond early career pediatric psychologist I plan to 8) Stay involved. You will soon be hearing from me as the incoming editor of Progress Notes, walking in the footsteps of my graduate mentor who served as editor over 20 years ago. Fortunately, I won't have to use a saddle stapler like he did to put together each issue by hand! Lastly, I am most delighted to be in the position to give back and 9) Be a mentor. Cultivating mentoring skills began long before my faculty appointment as a graduate trainee working with undergraduate research assistants and graduate students in their early stages of training. Mentorship is not only an opportunity to give back, but I can selfishly say that it is incredibly rewarding to support a young individual’s developing career trajectory. I look forward to paying it forward for many years to come. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1813	"Simons, L., et al. (2007). """"An Exploration of Students' Perceptions of Empirically Supported Treatments: The Significance of Gender and Ethnicity."""" Journal of Alcohol and Drug Education 51(1): 63."""""	" A secondary analysis of a quasi-experimental study was conducted to evaluate differences in students 'perceptions of empirically supported treatments (ESTS) randomized to experimental (n= 10) and attention-control (n= 10) manual-based therapy interventions. The results indicated that attitudinal changes took place for both groups. The results further indicated that males have more favorable views of ESTs and of the research training environment, while African-Americans have less favorable attitudes about manual usefulness. Implications are suggested for training students to use ESTs. (Contains 3 tables.)"""
NaN		1814	"Simons, L., et al. (2011). """"Another look at the benefits of disseminating evidence-based practices: A comparative analysis of 2 undergraduate courses."""" Addictive Disorders & Their Treatment 10(2): 60-71."""""	" This study evaluated the dissemination of evidence-based practices in 2 undergraduate courses. The results indicate that exposure to an evidence-based intervention in an undergraduate counseling course contributes to the development of students’ critical thinking skills by the end of the term. The results further indicate that exposure to research methodology courses advances student understanding of the connection between science and practice. Differences in student characteristics may require faculty to rethink how they engage students in learning the course content. The infusion of evidence-based practices and research courses in undergraduate continuing and general education curricula is discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1816	"Simpson, A., et al. (2008). """"Talking with the experts: Evaluation of an online discussion forum involving mental health service users in the education of mental health nursing students."""" Nurse Education Today 28(5): 633-640."""""	" The Chief Nursing Officer's recent review of mental health nursing called for the widespread involvement of mental health service users in the education of mental health nurses. This paper describes an innovative project that involved mental health service users in the education of pre-registration mental health nursing students through an online discussion forum that blended e-learning with enquiry-based learning (EBL). The findings of an evaluation are presented, drawing on quantitative and qualitative methods. Overall, the project was a success with students and service users engaging in online discussions on a range of issues. EBL presentations demonstrated understanding of the service user experience and students reflected on implications for clinical practice. All participants would take part again and recommend the online forum to others. Analysis of activity data revealed different levels and styles of student involvement. Limitations in communication skills appeared to limit student participation, alongside logistical difficulties, whereas the service users eagerly utilised the forum. Potential implications for healthcare education are discussed and recommendations made for developments in user-led e-learning and further research. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1817	"Simpson, B. and R. Humphrey (2010). """"Writing across Boundaries: Reflections on the Place of Writing in Doctoral Research Training for Social Scientists."""" Learning and Teaching: The International Journal of Higher Education in the Social Sciences 3(1): 69-91."""""	" In the training of doctoral researchers in the use of qualitative research methods, considerable effort goes into preparation for fieldwork and the collection of data. Rather less attention, however, goes into what happens when they have collected their data and begin to make sense of it. In particular, relatively little attention has been paid to the ways in which doctoral researchers might be supported as they begin to write using qualitative data. In this article we report on an inter-disciplinary project that set out to develop research training for qualitative researchers who had completed their fieldwork and were about to embark on writing their theses. An important issue in the delivery of this training was the question of boundaries--disciplinary, academic, technological and personal--and how these might be productively negotiated in the quest for good social science writing. (Contains 5 notes.)"""
NaN		1818	"Simunovic, F. (2008). """"Is there a place for medical students in research laboratories? A student's perspective."""" Medical Teacher 30(9-10): 875-876."""""	" Based on personal experience gained in two medical schools, one from a developed and one from a developing European country, I present a short discourse on the introduction of undergraduate medical students to research. The potential benefit of research for professional profile and overall competency building is emphasized and the possibility of counterbalancing the present crisis in academic medicine through undergraduate research is discussed."""
NaN		1819	"Sin, C. (2015). """"Student-centred learning and disciplinary enculturation: an exploration through physics."""" Educational Studies 41(4): 351-368."""""	" This study argues that student-centred methods in the teaching of physics can be beneficial for students' enculturation into the discipline and into a physicist's profession. Interviews conducted with academics and students from six master degrees in physics in three different European countries suggest that student-driven classroom activities, collaborative learning and problem-solving, or integration in research groups/projects enable students to engage in practices similar to those which are part of professional scientists' routine. Through interactive, participative methods reminiscent of cognitive apprenticeship, students develop a range of abilities necessary in a physicist's career: capacity of explanation, argumentation and defence of claims  analytical reasoning  capacity to critically review literature  ability to discern research paths worth pursuing  writing skills  and interpersonal skills. These give them a first taste of what it is like to be a physicist and ease their transition into a professional physics career."""
NaN		1820	"Sinaii, N., et al. (2010). """"Charting the Course for the Future of Science in Healthcare Epidemiology: Results of a Survey of the Membership of the Society of Healthcare Epidemiology of America."""" Infection Control and Hospital Epidemiology 31(7): 669-675."""""	" OBJECTIVE. To describe the results of a survey of members of the Society for Healthcare Epidemiology of America (SHEA) that (1) measured members' perceptions of gaps in the healthcare epidemiology knowledge base and members' priorities for SHEA research goals, (2) assessed whether members would be willing to participate in consortia to address identified gaps in knowledge, and (3) evaluated the need for training for the next generation of investigators in the field of healthcare epidemiology. DESIGN. Electronic and paper survey of members of SHEA, a professional society formed to advance the science of healthcare epidemiology through research and education. PARTICIPANTS. All society members were invited to participate. RESULTS. Of 1,289 SHEA members, 593 (46.0%) responded. Respondents identified the following issues as important for the Research Committee of SHEA: setting the scientific agenda for healthcare epidemiology, developing collaborative infrastructure to conduct research, and developing funding mechanisms for research. Respondents ranked multidrug-resistant gram-negative organisms, antimicrobial stewardship, methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, adherence to effective hand hygiene guidelines, and Clostridium difficile infections as the most important scientific issues facing the field. Respondents ranked inadequate project funding, lack of protected time for research, and inability to obtain a grant, contract, and/or outside funding as the most significant barriers to conducting research. More than 92% of respondents support creating a SHEA research consortium  more than 40% would participate even if no additional funding were available  nearly 90% identified developing research training as a key function for SHEA. CONCLUSIONS. These data provide a road map for the SHEA Research Committee for the next decade. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol 2010  31(7):669-675"""
NaN		1821	"Sinclair, J., et al. (2014). """"How the doctorate contributes to the formation of active researchers: what the research tells us."""" Studies in Higher Education 39(10): 1972-1986."""""	" While much research focuses on factors contributing to doctoral completion, few studies explore the role of the doctorate in forming active researchers with the skills, know-how and appetite to pursue research post-completion. This article investigates 15 existing studies for evidence of what factors in the doctoral experience may contribute to the formation of an active researcher with a capacity for later research productivity. The analysis reveals a productive advisor may be key to forming an active researcher and, although inconclusive, productivity post-completion. Further detailed research is required, however, into how the advisor influences candidates' productivity. The article also points to other potentially influential factors requiring further investigation, such as: developing collaborative capacities, conceptualising the purpose of the doctorate as forming an active researcher, advisor mentoring and fostering emotional engagement with research."""
NaN		1822	Sindt, P. E. and J. M. Lucas (2014). LESSONS FROM THE FIELD: USING INQUIRY-BASED LEARNING FOR STUDY ABROAD PROGRAMMING. Inquiry-Based Learning for Faculty and Institutional Development: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 1: 393-420.	" Social and technological changes of the 21st century influence how and what students learn while in college. New research about student learning suggests a critical need for higher education to reform teaching and learning methods. Experiential and inquiry-based learning (IBL) are essential to engaging students and achieving the type of learning demanded by today's global workforce. These skills include critical analysis, systems thinking, problem-solving, and spanning cultural and disciplinary boundaries. For decades, international educators purported that education abroad provided these skills for participants, yet recent research suggests that the same factors inhibiting deep learning on campus can also affect global, experiential environments. No longer can faculty members assume that students will learn from experience alone  they must intentionally construct activities accounting for the specific characteristics and needs of learners. This chapter outlines trends influencing student learning, making the case that traditional, content-based, directed instruction is poorly suited for student learning in the 21st century. The authors suggest that applying experiential and inquiry-based practices is essential to constructing effective education abroad program. Case studies, strategies, tools, and resources are provided to assist faculty with developing competencies to teach through an experiential and inquiry-based pedagogical framework."""
NaN		1823	Singer, M. (2007). MODELLING BOTH COMPLEXITY AND ABSTRACTION: A PARADOX? Modelling and Applications in Mathematics Education: the 14th Icmi Study. W. Blum, P. L. Galbraith, H. W. Henn and M. Niss. 10: 233-240.	" Do we need models in explaining the outer world and the self? What types of models might be helpful in school to explain both complexity and abstraction? What level of representation is appropriate? What dimensions of training should be focused on in constructing an inquiry-based learning? How could these dimensions be reflected in developing students' competencies? Analysing the dual relationship between complexity and abstraction, the study proposes some strategies to enhance learning in a model-building environment."""
NaN		1824	"Singh, M. (2013). """"Designing research to improve students' learning: 'industry/university' collaborations for educating teacher-researchers."""" Australian Educational Researcher 40(5): 549-566."""""	" University/industry partnerships provide a vehicle for synthesizing knowledge from the fields of teachers' professional learning, higher degree research training and research impact. This analysis outlines a conceptual framework for having a direct research impact on socio-cultural, economic and environmental learning (SEEL). The particular case that informs this analysis is called the Sydney-Ningbo Partnership, a longitudinal (10 year) program of research oriented, school engaged teacher-researcher education. 'SEEL research impact' provides a framework for understanding the underpinnings of the case study of the partnership which is presented here. This paper identifies how the organisation of a university/industry partnership contributes to teachers' professional learning and HDR training so that their research impacts on students' leaning."""
NaN		1825	"Sinnema, C., et al. (2017). """"Capturing the Complex, Situated, and Active Nature of Teaching Through Inquiry-Oriented Standards for Teaching."""" Journal of Teacher Education 68(1): 9-27."""""	" Given widespread acceptance of the role of teaching in improving student outcomes, it is not surprising that policy makers have turned to teaching standards as a lever for educational improvement. There are, however, long-standing critiques of standards that suggest they are reductionist and promote a dualism between theory and practice. Our purpose here is to propose a model of Teaching for Better Learning (TBL) that responds to those critiques and that captures the complexity of teaching rather than focusing on discrete elements. Our model foregrounds the salience of teachers' own situations and the active nature of teachers' practice in a way that integrates practice with relevant theory. We outline how the TBL model can be used to derive inquiry-oriented teaching standards, an alternative approach that challenges widely accepted conventions for the design of standards and, we argue, might better support the improvement of teaching and learning."""
NaN		1826	"Siritunga, D., et al. (2011). """"Culturally Relevant Inquiry-Based Laboratory Module Implementations in Upper-Division Genetics and Cell Biology Teaching Laboratories."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 10(3): 287-297."""""	" Today, more minority students are entering undergraduate programs than ever before, but they earn only 6% of all science or engineering PhDs awarded in the United States. Many studies suggest that hands-on research activities enhance students' interest in pursuing a research career. In this paper, we present a model for the implementation of laboratory research in the undergraduate teaching laboratory using a culturally relevant approach to engage students. Laboratory modules were implemented in upper-division genetics and cell biology courses using cassava as the central theme. Students were asked to bring cassava samples from their respective towns, which allowed them to compare their field-collected samples against known lineages from agricultural stations at the end of the implementation. Assessment of content and learning perceptions revealed that our novel approach allowed students to learn while engaged in characterizing Puerto Rican cassava. In two semesters, based on the percentage of students who answered correctly in the premodule assessment for content knowledge, there was an overall improvement of 66% and 55% at the end in the genetics course and 24% and 15% in the cell biology course. Our proposed pedagogical model enhances students' professional competitiveness by providing students with valuable research skills as they work on a problem to which they can relate."""
NaN		1827	"Siritunga, D., et al. (2012). """"Enhancing Hispanic Minority Undergraduates' Botany Laboratory Experiences: Implementation of an Inquiry-Based Plant Tissue Culture Module Exercise."""" International Education Studies 5(5): 14-24."""""	" Early involvement of students in hands-on research experiences are known to demystify research and promote the pursuit of careers in science. But in large enrollment departments such opportunities for undergraduates to participate in research are rare. To counteract such lack of opportunities, inquiry-based laboratory module in plant tissue culture was implemented in an undergraduate botany course impacting approximately 140 Hispanic minority students per year. In this module, spread throughout the semester, the students used African violet to gain experience in plant tissue culture techniques. The objective was for the students to learn how to take part of the plant from ""in vivo"""" to """"in vitro"""" culture. This required the establishment of aseptic techniques and the use of different media components to multiply plants under """"in vitro"""" conditions. In depth assessment of gain-of content knowledge and gain-of confidence revealed that our inquiry-based approach allowed the students to learn while increasing their self-perception of scientific methodology. In three semesters, the students reported a 2.5-fold overall increase in the post-module assessment for content knowledge compared to pre-module assessment. Similarly, approximately 85% of the students reported that they gained self-confidence in many aspects pertaining to conducting future research such as the use of primary literature, the design and performance of novel scientific experiments, and the formulation of a testable hypothesis. Though this lab module was solely in plant tissue culture, the inquiry-based nature of the exercise developed students' research skills and built confidence which is important in increasing retention of students in sciences."""""
NaN		1828	"Sirum, K. L. and D. Madigan (2010). """"Assessing How Science Faculty Learning Communities Promote Scientific Teaching."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 38(3): 197-206."""""	" Although there is a need for continued pedagogical advancement in science undergraduate education, what is needed more urgently is more widespread adaptation of pedagogical practices that research has already shown to promote learning. Those practices include interactive engagement pedagogies such as active learning and inquiry-based learning. The need now is to find ways to integrate and institutionalize these evidence-based strategies for teaching science and to help science faculty learn about and implement them. Scientific Teaching Learning Communities (STLCs) create a culture that values scholarly teaching within science departments, important for bridging the gap between science and education and for improving undergraduate science learning. Evidence for the impact of STLCs on the student-learning environment was obtained through the development and use of the Participant Assessment of Learning Gains survey, an adaptation of the online Student Assessment of Learning Gains survey originally developed by Seymour et al. (Available at: http://www.wcer.wisc.edu/salgains/instructor/SALGains.asp, 1997 and Paper presented at the National Meeting of the American Chemical Society, 2000). Data reveal how STLCs are transforming faculty behavior and directly affecting what they do in their science classrooms. (Contains 7 tables.)"""
NaN		1829	"Sivanpillai, R. and K. Driese (2008). """"WyomingView: No-Cost Remotely Sensed Data for Geographic Education."""" Journal of Geography 107(4-5): 154-160."""""	" Learning enhanced by visual examples and remotely sensed imagery is a valuable classroom resource for teaching students geographic concepts in a meaningful context. Barriers to the use of imagery include difficulty finding appropriate imagery and the cost of moderate resolution satellite imagery. A program in Wyoming called WyomingView and analogous programs in other states are providing no-cost, preprocessed satellite imagery delivered over the Internet that can help teachers better communicate geospatial knowledge to their students."""
NaN		1830	"Skelton, P., et al. (2012). """"A Conceptual Process Model for Improving Youth Science Comprehension."""" Journal of Extension 50(3): 4."""""	" Improving youth science comprehension in the United States is imperative to reverse current trends in student achievement and to meet an expected shortage of scientists in the future. This lag in achievement scores and need for future scientists is a problem. One challenge is to link inquiry-based learning and experiential education with curriculum designed to improve understanding, skill development, and reasoning abilities to achieve the broader impacts of improved science comprehension. The authors propose a conceptual process model for delivering Extension programs designed to enhance youth achievement in the sciences."""
NaN		1831	Slavit, D., et al. (2014). DEVELOPING AN IMPROVING STANCE TOWARD RESEARCH IN PRESERVICE TEACHERS. Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 2: 449-467.	" This chapter explores inquiry-based learning from the prospective of preservice teachers learning to enact classroom-based research. After describing a preservice course focused on practitioner inquiry, a framework for analyzing teachers' perspectives toward teacher research is provided. The framework focuses on the different ways teachers conceive and make use of student learning data as tools for their own inquirybased learning. Our study shows that changes to preservice teachers' perspectives toward inquiry are possible, but often slow to nurture. Discussions of different approaches to research and specific research models appeared to be most impacting. Specifically, the above framework suggests that teacher inquiry that pursues dilemmas and wonderings, often leading to more questions, is much more useful than inquiry that seeks distinctive resolutions. When considering teachers' classroom-based inquiry as a life-long professional pursuit, the results show promise for developing dispositions and skills for inquiry at this early career level. Implications of the course on preser vice teachers and the theoretical model are provided."""
NaN		1832	"Sloan, D. M., et al. (2015). """"Postdoctoral training in posttraumatic stress disorder research."""" Psychological Trauma: Theory, Research, Practice, and Policy 7(2): 195-202."""""	" Postdoctoral training is increasingly common in the field of psychology. Although many individuals pursue postdoctoral training in psychology, guidelines for research training programs at this level do not exist. The rapid advances in the field, particularly with respect to genetics, neuroimaging, and data analytic approaches, require clinical scientists to possess knowledge and expertise across a broad array of areas. Postdoctoral training is often needed to acquire such a skill set. This paper describes a postdoctoral training program designed for individuals pursuing academic careers in traumatic stress disorders research. In this paper, we describe the structure of our training program, challenges we have faced during the 15 years of its existence, and how we have addressed these challenges. We conclude with a presentation of outcome data for the training program and a discussion of how training programs in other settings might be structured. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1833	"Small, T. (2009). """"Assessing Enquiry-Based Learning: Developing Objective Criteria from Personal Knowledge."""" Curriculum Journal 20(3): 253-270."""""	" This article takes as its starting point the idea that policies of ""personalising learning"""" and promoting """"creativity"""" raise issues for assessment which the present framework for assessment and testing in schools in England and Wales does little to address. It explores the notion, also touched on elsewhere in this issue, of a dichotomy that needs resolving between subjective (or """"personal"""") and objective (or """"public"""") concerns in the assessment of learning. Drawing on previous research using Rosenblatt's transactional theory of response to literature, the article proposes a resolution based on the unifying concepts of a continuum between two poles and movement of the selective attention between them. Tracing this movement offers a """"vantage point"""" from which the """"hidden"""" or """"inner"""" values of a creative process can be glimpsed, which is likened to the dynamic self-assessment of learning power. Relating closely to Polanyi's philosophy of personal or """"tacit"""" knowledge, the article argues that enquiry-based learning is essentially as creative an activity as composing or responding aesthetically to poetry. After constructing five principles from theoretical observations on the evaluation of creativity, the article goes on to develop a set of criteria and objectives, related to the values already discussed, which are offered as a framework to support self-assessment and joint assessment of enquiry-based learning. (Contains 6 figures.)"""""
NaN		1834	"Smith, A. L., et al. (2015). """"Guided Inquiry Activities for Learning about the Macro- and Micronutrients in Introductory Nutrition Courses."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 43(6): 449-459."""""	" Most students enroll in general education introductory nutrition classes because they want to improve their diets in order to lose weight or enhance athletic performance. These nonscience majors are often less interested in learning about the fundamental biochemical principles underlying nutrition or are surprised that this foundational knowledge of biochemistry is essential for appropriate diet planning. Furthermore, nonscience majors sometimes find traditional, lecture-oriented science classes that encourage competition rather than collaboration to be uninviting and unappealing. For these reasons, we have developed a set of guided inquiry activities about macronutrients (carbohydrates, lipids, and proteins) and micronutrients (vitamins and minerals) for use in introductory nutrition courses for nonscience majors. In our first study (Spring 2012), we divided students into two groups with two different approaches for learning about the macronutrients: (1) a traditional, lecture-based approach and (2) an active learning approach with guided inquiry activities. We showed through the use of embedded common exam questions that students mastered concepts related to the macronutrients equally well using either approach. Due to positive student and faculty feedback from the first study, we decided to have all students use the guided inquiry approach in a subsequent study the following year (Spring 2013). In our second study we used pre/post survey data to evaluate both students' concept mastery and confidence in answering questions about the macro-and micronutrients. We found that (1) students showed gains in both concept mastery and confidence and (2) as students' confidence increased, post-test concept scores also increased. (C) 2015 by The International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, 43: 449-459, 2015."""
NaN		1835	"Smith, B. and P. Caputi (2007). """"Cognitive interference model of computer anxiety: Implications for computer-based assessment."""" Computers in Human Behavior 23(3): 1481-1498."""""	" In this paper, the cognitive interference model of computer anxiety (CIM-CA) is introduced as a theoretical framework for the assessment of computer anxiety and its effect on computer-based test (CBT) performance and test equivalence. Unlike other situation-specific anxieties, research on computer anxiety has not been founded on clear theories or models. Hence, the CIM-CA is intended as a new heuristic framework for representing the dispositions and cognitive processes that predispose individuals to react with state computer anxiety over a range of situations involving computers. In particular, the model focuses on the mediating role of negative computer thoughts on the computer anxiety-performance linkage. The CIM-CA model also provides a theoretical framework for analysing the effect of computer anxiety on CBT performance. Future research opportunities pertaining to the computer anxiety-performance linkage are discussed in the context of computerised cognitive assessment. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1836	"Smith, B. G. (2012). """"Organic integration: The natural process underlying communication integration."""" Journal of Communication Management 16(1): 4-19."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to progress research on integrated communication management from its current debates on definitions and normative models to research-based understanding of how integration works and is implemented at an organisation with a high level of integration. Also, the paper seeks to provide insights for communication managers on implementing successful integrated communication programs. Design/methodology/approach: This research incorporated a qualitative single case study of an exemplary organisational case of integrated communication, using three data sources: depth interviews, participant observation, and document analysis. Findings: Communication integration operates organically, through cross-functional connections and knowledge sharing and facilitated by an open organisational structure whereby integration occurs naturally. Research limitations/implications: Though other configurations may exist in high-functioning integrated programs, this study provides a new direction for theory development, and fills a need in scholarship to identify the interactions that integration creates. Practical implications: This research provides research-based learning on integrated communication management and implementation, and includes steps to establish a successful integrated program. Originality/value: The paper will be of special interest to strategists, managers, and practitioners for improving communication processes. It also fills a need in the literature to progress understanding from definition debates to the interworking of communication functions. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1837	"Smith, C. R., et al. (2013). """"Adolescents' experience with workplace aggression: school health Implications."""" The Journal of School Nursing 29(6): 464-474."""""	" Aggression exposure is a critical health issue facing adolescents in the United States. Exposure occurs in various settings including home, school, and the community. An emerging context for aggression exposure is in the workplace. Thirty adolescent employees age 16–18 participated in a qualitative study exploring proposed responses to future workplace aggression. Semistructured interviews were used to gather participants’ proposed responses to a series of hypothetical aggressive incidents in the workplace. Conventional content analysis identified patterns and themes among the participants’ responses. Results indicated adolescent employees’ proposed responses to workplace aggression are similar to other forms of aggression such as peer-bullying and teen dating violence. Education and training are needed within the school setting to promote appropriate responses to various forms of aggression encountered by adolescents. Implications for school health professionals’ involvement in addressing responses to such aggression and further research opportunities are explored. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1838	"Smith, H. (2007). """"The self-regenerating engineering design course: A top-down approach."""" International Journal of Engineering Education 23(1): 141-149."""""	" A philosophy for the design and operation of an engineering design course is described. The approach not only ensures an appropriate syllabus and structure with pedagogy well suited to the teaching of design but also ensures that the course is subjected to intrinsic mechanisms that drive it to renew itself continually. The full potential of the Problem Based Learning methodology is realised. The philosophy is demonstrated in an aerospace vehicle design course that has remained effective and successful since 1946."""
NaN		1839	"Smith, J. T., et al. (2015). """"""""On the Job"""" Learning: A Bioinformatics Course Incorporating Undergraduates in Actual Research Projects and Manuscript Submissions."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 43(3): 154-161."""""	" The sequencing of whole genomes and the analysis of genetic information continues to fundamentally change biological and medical research. Unfortunately, the people best suited to interpret this data (biologically trained researchers) are commonly discouraged by their own perceived computational limitations. To address this, we developed a course to help alleviate this constraint. Remarkably, in addition to equipping our undergraduates with an informatic toolset, we found our course design helped prepare our students for collaborative research careers in unexpected ways. Instead of simply offering a traditional lecture- or laboratory-based course, we chose a guided inquiry method, where an instructor-selected research question is examined by students in a collaborative analysis with students contributing to experimental design, data collection, and manuscript reporting. While students learn the skills needed to conduct bioinformatic research throughout all sections of the course, importantly, students also gain experience in working as a team and develop important communication skills through working with their partner and the class as a whole, and by contributing to an original research article. Remarkably, in its first three semesters, this novel computational genetics course has generated 45 undergraduate authorships across three peer-reviewed articles. More importantly, the students that took this course acquired a positive research experience, newfound informatics technical proficiency, unprecedented familiarity with manuscript preparation, and an earned sense of achievement. Although this course deals with analyses of genetic systems, we suggest the basic concept of integrating actual research projects into a 16-week undergraduate course could be applied to numerous other research-active academic fields."""
NaN		1840	"Smith, O. M., et al. (2016). """"Nurse Research Experiences and Attitudes Toward the Conduct of Intensive Care Research: A Questionnaire Study."""" Critical Care Medicine 44(1): 153-161."""""	" Objective: To characterize ICU nurses' research experience, work environments, and attitudes toward clinical research in critically ill adults and children. Design: Cross-sectional survey. Setting: Eight (seven adult and one pediatric) academic ICUs affiliated with the Canadian Critical Care Trials Group. Participants: Four hundred eighty-two ICU nurses. Interventions: None. Measurements and Main Results: Response rate was 56%. Most participants had over 6 years of ICU experience (61%) and held a baccalaureate nursing degree (57%). Most participants (63%) had provided care for patients receiving research study procedures more than five times in the past 12 months and agreed that research leads to improved care for the critically ill (78%) and eligible patients should be approached for research participation (78%). Few perceived practicalities of nursing care are considered in study design (20%)  41% agreed that research studies increases nursing workload. Few participants reported receiving adequate information about study progress (24%) or findings (26%). Principal factor analysis identified three factors each in the environmental and attitudinal domains. Linear regression models demonstrated that positive relationships between researchers and clinicians were associated with favorable perceptions of research impact on nursing care (p < 0.001), ICU research acceptability (p < 0.001), and nursing engagement in research (p < 0.05). Nurses with more formal education reported more favorable attitudes toward nursing engagement in research (p < 0.01) and research acceptability (p < 0.01). Lack of experience in study protocol development and/or data analysis was associated with less favorable attitudes about nursing engagement in research (p < 0.01) and impact of research on nursing care (p < 0.01). Conclusion: In these research-intensive ICUs, nurses frequently care for research participants and believe ICU research is important. Inclusion of nurses in study protocol development, improved communication of study progress and findings, and investigation of research-related nursing workload are warranted. Such interventions will support intervention fidelity and data reliability during study conduct and translation of evidence into practice on study completion."""
NaN		1841	"Smithenry, D. W. (2010). """"Integrating Guided Inquiry into a Traditional Chemistry Curricular Framework."""" International Journal of Science Education 32(13): 1689-1714."""""	" The case study presented in this paper examines the work of one high school chemistry teacher who has integrated guided inquiry into a yearlong, traditional curricular framework in ways that take into account the constraints and realities of her classroom. The study's findings suggest (1) the extent and frequency to which teachers can realistically integrate guided inquiry into existing science curricula, (2) the manner in which teachers can make effective transitions into and out of a guided inquiry, and (3) the way in which teachers can set an overarching goal to bring a driving purpose to all of the guided inquiries that the students experience. Based on the insights gained from the current case study, an argument is made that researchers should examine the practice of other teachers (especially in the common subjects of biology, chemistry, and physics) who have integrated guided inquiry into the fabric of their curricula. By doing so, a library of case studies can be built that will provide science teachers with new ideas on how inquiry can be holistically and productively integrated into yearlong traditional curricular frameworks."""
NaN		1842	"Smyth, L., et al. (2016). """"How Science Really Works: The Student Experience of Research-Led Education."""" Higher Education: The International Journal of Higher Education Research 72(2): 191-207."""""	" There has been a shift in modern tertiary education theory that has moved away from a traditional, didactic model of education, towards a more student-led, constructivist approach. Nowhere is this more the case than in science and mathematical education, where the concept of research-led education is gaining more and more traction. The focus of this approach is on training students to join a community of scholars, rather than on encouraging the accrual of factual knowledge. What has scope to be addressed further in this area is what students might gain from research experience and the impact this kind of education has on career intentions. The current study, using a combination of quantitative and qualitative survey data, explores this experience. We aim to answer questions surrounding skill gains, student perceptions and the impact on career choices. Findings indicate that students value research experience and gain much from it. Further, we find evidence that engaging in, and benefiting from, research experience is related to career intentions. These results have implications for the ways we scaffold research experience for students, as well as reinforcing the value of this approach to education."""
NaN		1843	"Snelgrove, S. and M. James (2011). """"Graduate nurses’ and midwives’ perceptions of research."""" Journal of Research in Nursing 16(1): 7-20."""""	" An increasing amount of quantitative research has shown that nurses face considerable organisational and motivational barriers to conducting research. However, there is comparatively little qualitative information offering more detailed and subjective information about the research experiences of graduate nurses. The aim of this research was to explore graduate nurses' perceptions of the nursing research and development (R&D) culture in one health trust in the United Kingdom (UK). The research was conducted in two phases. Phase one consisted of a questionnaire survey investigating areas thought to be important for the development of a research and development culture. Phase two consisted of three focus group discussions (N = 20) exploring the nurses' experiences and any barriers and facilitators to conducting research. This paper reports findings from the focus group data that provided further understanding about the meaning of research for graduate nurses. Participants' accounts were underlined by a strong rhetoric of support for research governance, with participants expressing intentions to conduct research but inhibited by cultural and organisational barriers. Education was also a strong determinant of research engagement, with participation in research education proving to be both a barrier and a facilitator. The study has implications for educationalists and the formation of R&D strategies in health trusts. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1844	"Soliman, A. S. and R. M. Chamberlain (2016). """"Short- and Long-Term Outcomes of Student Field Research Experiences in Special Populations."""" Journal of Cancer Education 31(2): 328-337."""""	" Global health education and training of biomedical students in international and minority health research is expending through U.S. academic institutions. This study addresses the short- and long-term outcomes of an NCI-funded R25 short-term summer field research training program. This program is designed for MPH and Ph.D. students in cancer epidemiology and related disciplines, in international and minority settings (special populations) in a recent 7-year period. Positive short-term outcome of 73 students was measured as publishing a manuscript from the field research data and having a job in special populations. Positive long-term outcome was measured as having a post-doc position, being in a doctoral program, and/or employment in special populations at least 3 years from finishing the program. Significant factors associated with both short- and long-term success included resourcefulness of the student and compatibility of personalities and interests between the student and the on-campus and off-campus mentors. Short-term-success of students who conducted international filed research was associated with visits of the on-campus mentor to the field site. Short-term success was also associated with extent of mentorship in the field site and with long-term success. Future studies should investigate how field research sites could enhance careers of students, appropriateness of the sites for specific training competencies, and how to maximize the learning experience of students in international and minority research sites."""
NaN		1845	"Soll, H., et al. (2016). """"Decision-making tools for aeronautical teams: FOR-DEC and beyond."""" Aviation Psychology and Applied Human Factors 6(2): 101-112."""""	" Many case studies show that unstructured decision-making processes in teams are contributing factors to accidents. In situations without any preconfigured solutions, airlines have developed decision models. In our article, we give an overview and comparative analysis of different models. We discuss FOR-DEC, developed by Lufthansa and the German Aerospace Center. Findings from an explorative study on pilots’ experiences with FOR-DEC and from a workshop with pilots and experts from non-aviation high-risk domains are reported. The model is useful for structured decision-making in complex situations when there is enough time. Moreover, some extensions to FOR-DEC could be beneficial, for example, the integration of expert knowledge into the decision process and the explicit integration of the team in the decision-making process. Results give advice for the useful implementation, application, and training of decision-making tools using the example of FOR-DEC. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1846	Solmon, M. A. (2009). How Do Doctoral Candidates Learn to Be Researchers? Developing Research Training Programs in Kinesiology Departments, Human Kinetics, 1607 North Market Street, Champaign, IL 61820. 61: 74-83.	" The preparation of doctoral candidates is a critical aspect of advancing research in kinesiology on many levels. Graduates of doctoral programs not only produce research, they also exert influence in recruiting undergraduates and master's students into doctoral programs, as well as mentor doctoral students of their own. There has been a perception that doctoral programs are focused too narrowly on research at the expense of preparing individuals for a variety of faculty roles and that this emphasis on research is problematic and can result in fragmentation and isolation. The argument in this article is that research can and should be part of a solution to provide the basis for a broader preparation for the future professorate as well as a means to further integration and collaboration that can sustain the field. The importance of experiential learning and fostering dispositions toward research as a lifelong learning process are identified as key elements in helping candidates develop research competencies."""
NaN		1847	"Song, D., et al. (2016). """"A Remotely Operated Science Experiment framework for under-resourced schools."""" Interactive Learning Environments 24(7): 1706-1724."""""	" Teaching argumentation with appropriate activities and strategies would support a wide range of goals in science education. Though science labs have been suggested and employed for argumentation activities, such educational expenditures are likely to be beyond the means of most schools in under-resourced areas. Due to the lack of appropriate technological infrastructure and financial support, science education in developing countries is limited to the traditional approach. Teachers and students in the developing world, or other rural areas without sufficient lab resources in developed countries, would adopt argumentation in science classroom if they utilize their wireless infrastructure. We suggest a remote science lab for students in under-resourced schools, and suggest a possible way to engage them in argumentation activities. This paper introduces Remotely Operated Science Experiment (ROSE) and its implementation, and draws on the result of the intervention focusing on the impact of ROSE on students' argumentation and learning."""
NaN		1848	"Song, H., et al. (2015). """"Results of the Community Health Applied Research Network (CHARN) National Research Capacity Survey of Community Health Centers."""" Progress in Community Health Partnerships-Research Education and Action 9(2): 229-242."""""	" Background: The mission of the Community Health Applied Research Network (CHARN) is to build capacity to carry out Patient-Centered Outcomes Research at community health centers (CHCs), with the ultimate goal to improve health care for vulnerable populations. Objectives: The CHARN Needs Assessment Staff Survey investigates CHCs' involvement in research, as well as their need for research training and resources. Results will be used to guide future training. Methods: The survey was developed and implemented in partnership with CHARN CHCs. Data were collected across CHARN CHCs. Data analysis and reports were conducted by the CHARN data coordinating center (DCC). Results: Survey results highlighted gaps in staff research training, and these gaps varied by staff role. Conclusions: There is considerable variation in research involvement, partnerships, and focus both within and across CHCs. Development of training programs to increase research capacity should be tailored to address the specific needs and roles of staff involved in research."""
NaN		1849	"Song, Y. (2016). """"""""We Found the 'Black Spots' on Campus on Our Own"""": Development of Inquiry Skills in Primary Science Learning with BYOD (Bring Your Own Device)."""" Interactive Learning Environments 24(2): 291-305."""""	" This paper reports on a study situated in a one-year project ""Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) for Mobile Knowledge Building,"""" aiming at investigating how primary school students developed their inquiry skills in science learning in BYOD-supported learning environments. Student perceptions of the BYOD-supported inquiry experience were also examined. A science learning topic of """"Black Spots"""" in the Unit of """"Safety Is Fortune"""" was chosen as an example of a collaborative inquiry topic appropriate for examining how students' inquiry skills are developed. Both qualitative and quantitative data were collected. A process-oriented analysis and quantitative analysis techniques were adopted to investigate students' development of inquiry skills and their perceptions of the learning experience and knowledge advancement. The research findings show that the students advanced their inquiry skills, and perceived the learning experience positively, which sheds some light on guided inquiry-based learning of science in a BYOD-supported learning environment in school education."""""
NaN		1852	"Song, Y. and C.-K. Looi (2012). """"Linking Teacher Beliefs, Practices and Student Inquiry-Based Learning in a CSCL Environment: A Tale of Two Teachers."""" International Journal of Computer-Supported Collaborative Learning 7(1): 129-159."""""	" The links uncovered by research connecting teacher beliefs to classroom practice and student inquiry-based learning are tenuous. This study aims at examining (a) ""how"""" teacher beliefs influenced practices"" "" and (b) """"how"""" the influence on practices, in turn, impacted student inquiry learning in a CSCL environment. Through a fine-grained comparative analysis of two cases, this study explores how two teachers with different collections of beliefs enacted the same mathematics lesson on division and fractions in a CSCL environment premised on inquiry principles, and what the connections between different enactments and students' progressive inquiry process and outcomes were. The findings suggest that the two teachers' adherence to different beliefs led to different practices, which in turn contributed to different student learning processes and outcomes. We interpret these differences that shaped the students' opportunities for progressive inquiry in the CSCL environment. We conclude that the teacher holding """"innovation-oriented"""" beliefs tended to enact the lesson in patterns of inquiry-principle-based practices and technology-enhanced orchestration""  these patterns interacted with each other to contribute to student inquiry learning and effective use of technology affordances."""
NaN		1851	"Song, Y. and S. C. Kong (2014). """"Going beyond Textbooks: A Study on Seamless Science Inquiry in an Upper Primary Class."""" Educational Media International 51(3): 226-236."""""	" This paper reports an initial study on investigating inquiry-based learning in science in an upper primary class guided by an inquiry-based learning model in a seamless learning environment. Two questions are addressed: (1) how students advanced their domain knowledge? "" and (2) how students developed their inquiry skills? One teacher and 27 Grade-four students from a local primary school were involved in the study. Six inquiry-based learning lessons focusing on a scientific """"rustproofing"""" learning unit were conducted in a seamless learning environment, initiated in a digital classroom and extended to online discussions on a social network platform. Qualitative data were collected and analysed over two weeks. The results show ways that the students advanced their domain knowledge and developed their inquiry skills."""""
NaN		1853	"Song, Y. J. (2014). """"""""Bring Your Own Device (BYOD)"""" for seamless science inquiry in a primary school."""" Computers & Education 74: 50-60."""""	" This paper reports a one-year study on the project of ""Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) for seamless science inquiry"""" in a primary school in Hong Kong. BYOD in this study refers to """"the technology model where students bring a personally owned mobile device with various apps and embedded features to use anywhere, anytime for the purpose of learning"""". The study aims at investigating (a) what advancement of content knowledge students made in their science inquiry in a seamless learning environment supported by their own mobile device""  (b) how the students advanced their content knowledge in science inquiry "" and (c) what students' perception is regarding their learning experience supported by their own mobile devices. The topic of inquiry was """"The Anatomy of Fish"""". Data collection included pre- and post-domain tests, self-reported questionnaire, student artifacts, class observations and field notes. Content analysis and a student artifact tracing approach were adopted in the data analysis to examine and trace students' knowledge advancement. The research findings show that the students advanced their understanding of the anatomy of fish well beyond what was available in the textbook and they developed positive attitude toward seamless science inquiry supported by their own mobile devices. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""""
NaN		1850	"Song, Y., et al. (2014). """"Sweet Science for ALL! Supporting Inquiry-Based Learning through M&Ms Investigation for English Language Learners."""" Science Activities: Classroom Projects and Curriculum Ideas 51(2): 52-65."""""	" This article describes a series of inquiry-based lessons that provide English language learners (ELLs) with opportunities to experience science and engineering practices with conceptual understanding as well as to develop their language proficiency in elementary classrooms. The four-lesson sequence models how various types of instructional strategies for ELLs can be embedded through science lessons with thoughtful consideration of ELLs' diverse cultural backgrounds. The cross-curricular science lessons provide ELLs with opportunities to apply and enhance their mathematics, reading, writing, and communicating skills while investigating the properties of M&Ms."""
NaN		1854	"Sopher, C. J., et al. (2015). """"Enhancing diversity in the public health research workforce: The research and mentorship program for future HIV vaccine scientists."""" American Journal of Public Health 105(4): 823-830."""""	" Objectives: We developed and evaluated a novel National Institutes of Health– sponsored Research and Mentorship Program for African American and Hispanic medical students embedded within the international, multisite HIV Vaccine Trials Network, and explored its impact on scientific knowledge, acquired skills, and future career plans. Methods: Scholars conducted social, behavioral, clinical, or laboratory-based research projects with HIV Vaccine Trials Network investigators over 8 to 16 weeks (track 1) or 9 to 12 months (track 2). We conducted an in-depth, mixed-methods evaluation of the first 2 cohorts (2011–2013) to identify program strengths, areas for improvement, and influence on professional development. Results: A pre–post program assessment demonstrated increases in self-reported knowledge, professional skills, and interest in future HIV vaccine research. During in-depth interviews, scholars reported that a supportive, centrally administered program  available funding  and highly involved mentors and staff were keys to the program’s early success. Conclusions: A multicomponent, mentored research experience that engages medical students from underrepresented communities and is organized within a clinical trials network may expand the pool of diverse public health scientists. Efforts to sustain scholar interest over time and track career trajectories are warranted. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1855	"Sorensen, H. T. (2016). """"I-determinants for a successful PhD or postdoctoral outcome."""" Clinical Epidemiology 8: 297-303."""""	" Many resources are invested in research training, but very little literature exists on predictors for a successful PhD and postdoctoral training outcome. A PhD program has two overall objectives: to extend knowledge about a hopefully important health topic and to provide extensive training to improve the PhD student's skills through learning research methods and collaboration. A substantial number of PhD students may run into some kind of problem in the course of their PhD program. In this article, some determinants all starting with an ""I"""" and indicative of a good PhD outcome are reported. The successful PhD student can be described as having an Interest in the PhD program, an Incentive for the program, and an Idea of what he or she wants to investigate, showing Initiative, and having high personal Integrity and good Interpersonal relationships. When these so-called I-determinants are present, the likelihood of success in a PhD program is high. More evidence is available for selection of candidates for postdoctoral appointments since it is known that the postdoctoral candidate has completed a PhD program, published papers in peer-reviewed journals, and received awarded grants. However, other characteristics determine a successful transition of the postdoctoral candidate into a research leader. These determinants are Identity, Independence and Image, Implementation ability in terms of being able to implement decisions and projects, working with Innovative and Important topics, having In-depth knowledge of the research topic, being Interactive and Integrated with the scientific community, and Internationally oriented. In conclusion, regardless of the framework of research, the personal characteristics of a researcher play a very important role in the quality of research. Application of some of the principles mentioned in this article might allow decision to reach a more evidence-based way to recruit PhD students and postdoctorals."""""
NaN		1856	"Sormunen, K., et al. (2014). """"Finnish Science Teachers' Views on the Three Stage Model."""" Science Education International 25(2): 14."""""	" The core idea of the PROFILES project is to support science teachers' continuous professional development. The instructional innovation of the PROFILES is the so called Three Stage Model (TSM) which aims to arouse students' intrinsic motivation, to offer a meaningful inquiry-based learning environment and to use the science learning in socio-scientific decision making. Incorporation of innovations, like the PROFILES philosophy with the TSM, in teachers' daily work is seen here as a frame for their professional development in science teaching. When introducing a new instructional model, e.g., the TSM, to be implemented in science teaching, it is important to first listen to the teachers and grasp their initial views. This is organized by the use of focus group interviews during the first teacher meeting in the Finnish PROFILES program in order to find out, what kind of prior views the teachers have related to the TSM, to its planning and to its implementation in the classroom. The results of this study reveal crucial points that need attention within teacher professional development to implement the TSM. The teachers need, also, to be encouraged to place more trust in their students' abilities: detailed instructions (structured inquiry) might not be needed unless the students ask for them. When the PROFILES-like projects pay attention to explicit consideration to the classroom and school contexts in which teachers work, and emphasize the opportunities to implement new pedagogies in these contexts, teachers can develop strategies for overcoming such constraints. Acknowledging the teacher's voice is a crucial factor for adapting any professional development towards teachers' ownership of new developments."""
NaN		1858	"Spallek, H., et al. (2008). """"Supporting Emerging Disciplines with e-Communities: Needs and Benefits."""" Journal of Medical Internet Research 10(2)."""""	" Background: Science has developed from a solitary pursuit into a team-based collaborative activity and, more recently, into a multidisciplinary research enterprise. The increasingly collaborative character of science, mandated by complex research questions and problems that require many competencies, requires that researchers lower the barriers to the creation of collaborative networks of experts, such as communities of practice (CoPs). Objectives: The aim was to assess the information needs of prospective members of a CoP in an emerging field, dental informatics, and to evaluate their expectations of an e-community in order to design a suitable electronic infrastructure. Methods: A Web-based survey instrument was designed and administered to 2768 members of the target audience. Benefit expectations were analyzed for their relationship to (1) the respondents' willingness to participate in the CoP and (2) their involvement in funded research. Two raters coded the respondents' answers regarding expected benefits using a 14-category coding scheme (Kappa = 0.834). Results: The 256 respondents (11.1% response rate) preferred electronic resources over traditional print material to satisfy their information needs. The most frequently expected benefits from participation in the CoP were general information (85% of respondents), peer networking (31.1%), and identification of potential collaborators and/or research opportunities (23.2%). Conclusions: The competitive social-information environment in which CoPs are embedded presents both threats to sustainability and opportunities for greater integration and impact. CoP planners seeking to support the development of emerging biomedical science disciplines should blend information resources, social search and filtering, and visibility mechanisms to provide a portfolio of social and information benefits. Assessing benefit expectations and alternatives provides useful information for CoP planners seeking to prioritize community infrastructure development and encourage participation."""
NaN		1857	"Spallek, H., et al. (2008). """"Supporting emerging disciplines with e-communities: Needs and benefits."""" Journal of Medical Internet Research 10(2): 110-125."""""	" Background: Science has developed from a solitary pursuit into a team-based collaborative activity and, more recently, into a multidisciplinary research enterprise. The increasingly collaborative character of science, mandated by complex research questions and problems that require many competencies, requires that researchers lower the barriers to the creation of collaborative networks of experts, such as communities of practice (CoPs). Objectives: The aim was to assess the information needs of prospective members of a CoP in an emerging field, dental informatics, and to evaluate their expectations of an e-community in order to design a suitable electronic infrastructure. Methods: A Web-based survey instrument was designed and administered to 2768 members of the target audience. Benefit expectations were analyzed for their relationship to (1) the respondents’ willingness to participate in the CoP and (2) their involvement in funded research. Two raters coded the respondents’ answers regarding expected benefits using a 14-category coding scheme (Kappa = 0.834). Results: The 256 respondents (11.1% response rate) preferred electronic resources over traditional print material to satisfy their information needs. The most frequently expected benefits from participation in the CoP were general information (85% of respondents), peer networking (31.1%), and identification of potential collaborators and/or research opportunities (23.2%). Conclusions: The competitive social-information environment in which CoPs are embedded presents both threats to sustainability and opportunities for greater integration and impact. CoP planners seeking to support the development of emerging biomedical science disciplines should blend information resources, social search and filtering, and visibility mechanisms to provide a portfolio of social and information benefits. Assessing benefit expectations and alternatives provides useful information for CoP planners seeking to prioritize community infrastructure development and encourage participation. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1859	"Spice, R., et al. (2011). """"Design and implementation of an online course on research methods in palliative care: Lessons learned."""" Journal of Palliative Medicine 14(4): 413-419."""""	" Background: Research capacity in palliative and end-of-life care is less than some other fields of medicine where there is a longer track record of biomedical research. Palliative medicine clinicians often receive little or no formal research training during their postgraduate education  hence, education efforts may prove pivotal to increasing palliative care research capacity. To that end, our group established a national online training program on palliative care research methodologies, called Foundations of Palliative Care Research. This report describes the development and implementation of the course, and its evaluation. To inform decisions on the overall course objectives, length, design, and implementation, formal needs assessments were conducted through surveys of Canadian palliative medicine residency program directors and of Canadian palliative medicine residents. Methods: A 12-week, online, module-based course was designed. The first iteration of the course was offered to English-speaking palliative medicine residents from across Canada between October 2008 and March 2009. The course utilized Web-based communication methods, and was delivered using a combination of asynchronous and synchronous learning strategies and activities. Results: Ten palliative care residents from different parts of the country registered and all completed the course with passing marks. Participants evaluated the course through a post course survey. The formal evaluation of the course, along with successes, challenges, and lessons applicable to future ventures, are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1860	"Splan, R. K., et al. (2011). """"Undergraduate Research in Agriculture: Constructivism and the Scholarship of Discovery."""" Journal of Agricultural Education 52(4): 56-64."""""	" Experiential learning is a hallmark of undergraduate education programs in the agricultural sciences, and is aligned with constructivist learning theory. This interpretivist qualitative study used historical research methodology to analyze the epistemological underpinnings of constructivism and explore the construct's relationship to undergraduate research, a particular experiential learning context which extends a student's knowledge to scholarly application through discovery-based problem solving. Two pedagogical principles of constructivist learning theory emerged: that learning should be authentic, active and student-centered, and that it must also be facilitated through social negotiation. Both factors are inherent in the learning process when faculty mentors scaffold the creation of new knowledge via undergraduate research. Agricultural educators can take advantage of parallels between constructivism and the scholarship of discovery."""
NaN		1861	"Sporea, A. and D. Sporea (2014). """"ROMANIAN TEACHERS PERCEPTION ON INQUIRY-BASED TEACHING."""" Romanian Reports in Physics 66(4): 1253-1268."""""	" The paper analyses the results of a survey related to the perception of preschool teachers on the way they implement in science classes inquiry-based methods. The survey is based on the ""Self-reflection tool for kindergarten teachers"""", developed in the frame of the FP7 project """"Fibonacci"""", and it is, according to authors' knowledge, the first report on the application of this tool at European level. Six pre-school teachers were asked to fill a questionnaire of 38 questions associated to criteria reflecting inquiry-based science education (IBSE) practice concerning: teacher's relation with learners""  pupils' activities in science class  pupils' records in science learning."""
NaN		1869	"Spronken-Smith, R. A., et al. (2011). """"Redesigning a curriculum for inquiry: An ecology case study."""" Instructional Science 39(5): 721-735."""""	" This article reports on an interdisciplinary ecology degree that was redesigned to provide more research activity for undergraduates. A case study approach explored how the teaching team constructed a curriculum that used inquiry activities. The development of an inquiry curriculum was enabled by a University audit focusing on the links between teaching and research, a Programme Review that signalled a need for change, and a Programme Director and group of academics committed to change. In addition, curriculum planning discussions were facilitated by an academic staff developer, who developed a shared vision for an inquiry approach during extended conversations amongst the planning group. Consequently, the new programme progressively develops inquiry skills in four out of five core courses (papers/modules). At stages 1 and 2, structured, guided and open inquiry activities lead to an open inquiry capstone course at stage 3. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1863	"Spronken-Smith, R. and M. Hilton (2009). """"Recapturing quality field experiences and strengthening teaching-research links."""" New Zealand Geographer 65(2): 139-146."""""	" Because of unwieldy numbers, and in an attempt to strengthen teaching-research links, the teaching team of 'Field Research Methods' discarded a class fieldtrip in favour of more flexible fieldwork. The new approach continues to use inquiry-based learning but has research problems more closely linked to staff interests. Students are responsible for most aspects of the research process including some logistical planning of fieldwork. Although often anxious at first, students welcomed this approach and appreciated the host of transferable and research skills they developed. Tutors benefited from the enhanced learning outcomes for students and a strengthening of teaching-research links."""
NaN		1866	"Spronken-Smith, R. and R. Walker (2010). """"Can Inquiry-Based Learning Strengthen the Links between Teaching and Disciplinary Research?"""" Studies in Higher Education 35(6): 723-740."""""	" Inquiry-based learning has been promoted as a student-centred approach that can strengthen the links between teaching and research. This article examines the potential of inquiry-based learning to strengthen the teaching-research nexus by analysing three case studies: a ""structured inquiry"""" third-year endocrinology medicine module, a """"guided inquiry"""" second-year political communications course and an """"open inquiry"""" third-year ecology course. The relation between teaching and research differed significantly amongst these three cases and led to a reconceptualisation of inquiry-based learning. A model was then developed to link the focus of learning (using Levy's framing of information or discovery-oriented inquiry) with the level of independence and the potential strength of the teaching-research nexus. The findings show that, if teachers are aiming for strong links between teaching and research, they should adopt an open, discovery-oriented inquiry-based learning approach. However, more structured and guided forms of inquiry can be useful to progressively develop particular inquiry skills. (Contains 3 tables and 4 figures.)"""""
NaN		1864	"Spronken-Smith, R. and S. Kingham (2009). """"Strengthening Teaching and Research Links: The Case of a Pollution Exposure Inquiry Project."""" Journal of Geography in Higher Education 33(2): 241-253."""""	" In recent years there has been a move towards the strengthening of teaching and research links in the undergraduate curriculum. Inquiry-based learning offers an opportunity for students to engage in research tasks and consequently students can develop valuable research skills, as well as working on projects aligned to staff research interests. This paper describes a third-year undergraduate geography inquiry project exploring the factors that impact on personal exposure to nitrogen dioxide. Students were required to wear passive pollution samplers over a two-week period, and to collect information about their daily regimes. The project involved analysing the air pollution exposure and relating the exposure to factors such as time spent in various environments, and meteorological influences. Standard course evaluations and focus-group data provided a means to evaluate the success of the project. Course evaluations have improved since the introduction of the project and students value the project because of the greater understanding that comes from being a research subject, learning about the research process and the development of analytical skills. However, students had not fully realized the range of research skills they had acquired through the project. In the future, the aims and outcomes of the project will be made more explicit and the reflective element will be expanded to ensure students reflect on their learning in the course. The teaching team must be cognizant of the fact that inquiry exercises can take geography students outside their comfort zone in terms of learning styles, and thus provide appropriate support. (Contains 2 notes, 1 table and 2 figures.)"""
NaN		1862	"Spronken-Smith, R., et al. (2008). """"Where Might Sand Dunes Be on Mars? Engaging Students through Inquiry-Based Learning in Geography."""" Journal of Geography in Higher Education 32(1): 71-86."""""	" This paper encourages readers to experiment with inquiry-based learning (IBL) in their courses in the interest of identifying more diverse styles of instruction, and developing a wider understanding of the advantages and disadvantages of the methodology. The aims of the paper are to unpack the meanings of IBL, describe some uses of IBL in geography, and discuss their benefits and challenges for students and teachers. IBL is essentially a question-driven, philosophical approach to teaching that involves active, student-centred learning. The teacher acts principally as a facilitator or mentor, guiding and encouraging students through the inquiry process. Examples of IBL are presented, ranging from questioning exercises embedded in the class, through to entire courses or degrees using an inquiry-based approach. Students can benefit greatly from IBL since they are active in the learning process, can have improved understanding, more enjoyable learning, develop valuable research skills, achieve higher-order learning outcomes and perform better academically. Teachers can also benefit through a strengthening of teaching-research links and the clear gains in student engagement and learning. However, in order for IBL to be effective, teachers must be encouraged and supported to take on this facilitating role. When IBL elements are embedded in a more traditional curriculum, particular care needs to be taken so that students and teachers are carefully oriented to the expectations regarding the outcome of learning and teaching in this mode. (Contains 1 table and 2 figures.)"""
NaN		1867	"Spronken-Smith, R., et al. (2011). """"Enablers and Constraints to the Use of Inquiry-Based Learning in Undergraduate Education."""" Teaching in Higher Education 16(1): 15-28."""""	" This study involved a meta-analysis of 10 cases of inquiry-based learning (IBL) in undergraduate education to determine the factors which both enable and constrain its use. The enabling factors were found to include: teacher attributes--being student-centred, reflective but rebellious  course design attributes--questions stimulating learning, collaborative learning, progressive development of inquiry skills, required student preparation and constructive alignment  department and institutional attributes--IBL being more accepted if permeating a whole programme, the pivotal role of supportive senior management and assistance by staff developers. The major constraints were gaining philosophical buy-in to inquiry approaches  supporting transition to inquiry  developing self-reflection skills  and coping with varied assessment products. Departmental and institutional challenges included timetables and room allocation and the difficulty of recruiting teachers in a research intensive environment. Some strategies are suggested to help overcome these barriers. (Contains 3 tables and 1 note.)"""
NaN		1868	"Spronken-Smith, R., et al. (2012). """"Evaluating Student Perceptions of Learning Processes and Intended Learning Outcomes under Inquiry Approaches."""" Assessment & Evaluation in Higher Education 37(1): 57-72."""""	" Inquiry-based learning (IBL) is promoted as a teaching approach that can enhance student learning outcomes. IBL can be categorised according to scale (e.g. tasks, course/module/paper, degree), mode (structured, guided, open) and framing (information or discovery-oriented). Our research used a survey instrument to determine how student perceptions of learning processes and intended learning outcomes (ILOs) varied in response to courses with different modes and framing of IBL. The survey was completed by 940 students in 15 IBL courses across a range of disciplines and levels. All types of IBL courses were well rated by students for encouraging learning processes and ILOs congruent with a well-designed inquiry experience. Regarding modes of IBL, there was a clear hierarchy from open (most highly rated) to guided and then structured inquiry. For the framing of IBL, courses using discovery-oriented IBL were more highly rated than information-oriented IBL. Overall, the most highly rated course design was open, discovery-oriented IBL, but other types of IBL remained important in terms of developing research and inquiry skills. To determine whether all types of IBL courses are promoting enhanced ILOs compared to more traditionally taught courses, a comparative study should be undertaken. (Contains 2 tables and 6 figures.)"""
NaN		1865	"Spronken-Smith, R., et al. (2014). """"""""Learning Is an Endless Journey for Anyone"""": Undergraduate Awareness, Experiences and Perceptions of the Research Culture in a Research-Intensive University."""" Higher Education Research and Development 33(2): 355-371."""""	" Our study explored undergraduates' experiences of the research culture at a research-intensive university in southern New Zealand. In 2009, 1281 students responded to a survey that probed aspects of the research culture. Data were analysed through descriptive statistics and an inductive analysis of comments. Survey results for final-year students compared very favourably to students at UK and Canadian research-intensive universities and, indeed, our students reported higher ratings for some measures. It was clear there was increased awareness and experience of research in more advanced years of study. Overall, undergraduates reported mainly positive experiences of the research culture, such as increased understanding of the topic, greater motivation and inspiration, as well as learning research skills and practical applications of theory. Although encouraged by the results, there is much room for improvement. First-year students have lower levels of awareness of the research culture and few opportunities to engage in research. Current initiatives are underway to raise the profile of undergraduate research and it is hoped that surveys in future years will demonstrate an improvement in student realisation of the research culture within which they study."""
NaN		1870	"Spyridonidis, D., et al. (2016). """"The translation of management knowledge: Challenges, contributions and new directions."""" International Journal of Management Reviews 18(3): 231-235."""""	" Across many sectors, new developments and discourses that emphasize change, collaboration, shifting professional boundaries and increased sharing of knowledge are taking place. One is thus challenged to question and/or develop further understanding of how and to what extent new ideas, scientific developments and technologies are translated within such contexts and thereby extend management and organization studies. To advance understanding about this significant field in the scholarly community, this special issue has assembled a diverse set of papers, which review developments in translation theory and seek to encourage new thinking and frameworks and open up new directions in management and organization studies more generally. By reflecting on these papers, the authors summarize key challenges in translational research and new framings, and point to exciting new research opportunities that can be found in fruitfully comparing, elaborating, expanding, contrasting and blending extant perspectives. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1871	"Squire, K. D. and M. Jan (2007). """"Mad City Mystery: Developing Scientific Argumentation Skills with a Place-Based Augmented Reality Game on Handheld Computers."""" Journal of Science Education and Technology 16(1): 5-29."""""	" While the knowledge economy has reshaped the world, schools lag behind in producing appropriate learning for this social change. Science education needs to prepare students for a future world in which multiple representations are the norm and adults are required to ""think like scientists."""" Location-based augmented reality games offer an opportunity to create a """"post-progressive"""" pedagogy in which students are not only immersed in authentic scientific inquiry, but also required to perform in adult scientific discourses. This cross-case comparison as a component of a design-based research study investigates three cases (roughly 28 students total) where an Augmented Reality curriculum, Mad City Mystery, was used to support learning in environmental science. We investigate whether augmented reality games on handhelds can be used to engage students in scientific thinking (particularly argumentation), how game structures affect students' thinking, the impact of role playing on learning, and the role of the physical environment in shaping learning. We argue that such games hold potential for engaging students in meaningful scientific argumentation. Through game play, players are required to develop narrative accounts of scientific phenomena, a process that requires them to develop and argue scientific explanations. We argue that specific game features scaffold this thinking process, creating supports for student thinking non-existent in most inquiry-based learning environments."""""
NaN		1872	"Sriwichai, P., et al. (2014). """"The Effectiveness of """"Knowledge Management System"""" in Research Mentoring Using Knowledge Engineering."""" International Education Studies 7(5): 25-38."""""	" Currently, many old universities in Thailand have been facing the occurrence of lecturer massive retirement. This leads to the large amount of newly Ph. D. graduate recruitment for taking immediate responsibilities to teach and conduct research without mentoring by senior staff as well as in new universities. Therefore, this paper aims to propose the ""Knowledge Management System Based Mentoring"""" which could be used to share and disseminate research experiences of the senior staff to enhance the abilities of newly Ph.D. graduate staff in the universities to supervise Ph.D. students to get the qualified research outputs. Knowledge engineering is employed to capture the effective mentoring practices particularly on Lateral Thinking in higher education. The Knowledge Management System had been implemented in department of Knowledge Management, The College of Arts, media and Technology, Chiang Mai University to mentor five newly Ph.D. graduate staff. The study explored the effectiveness of KMS in the case study of Ph.D. program in Knowledge Management is elicited from three senior professors (in social science, mathematics, as well as computer science and knowledge management) and modeled in CommonKADS. The Knowledge Management department is utilizing this mentoring knowledge for improving the research performance. The major output of the study is the effectiveness of """"Knowledge Management System"""" KMS that helps to enhance abilities of newly Ph.D. graduate staff to supervise Ph.D. students productively."""""
NaN		1902	"Stößlein, M. and J. J. Kanet (2008). """"Developing undergraduate student research experiences in operations management."""" Decision Sciences Journal of Innovative Education 6(2): 495-502."""""	" The authors outline the undergraduate research experience at the University of Dayton for students in the Operations Management program. It constitutes roughly 35% of the semester schedule of Supply Chain Management Strategies, a final core course for students in the fourth year. The goal of the program is to infuse an attitude of lifelong learning, to sharpen students' objectivity, to enhance their ability to search and filter relevant information, and to improve their writing and oral presentation skills. The program helps students specialize 'just-in-time,' that is, weeks before graduating, on a topic of their interest and choice, respectively. The feasibility of transferability to other institutions is increased through content packages, which can be rapidly adjusted to emphasize specific research requirements. The program reflects a marked change in teaching Operations Management. The active individual research experience, enhanced interaction between instructor and learner, and the professional setting while presenting findings create a learning environment, which is unique to undergraduate students. Although it is a small step in the promotion of undergraduate research experiences in Operations Management, the course concept can conceivably be generalized to other business majors as well. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1873	"Stacey, G., et al. (2015). """"Combining lived experience with the facilitation of enquiry-based learning: a """"trigger' for transformative learning."""" Journal of Psychiatric and Mental Health Nursing 22(7): 522-528."""""	" Accessible summary What is known on the subject The values underpinning recovery-orientated practice are recited in the literature and influential in the content of mental health nurse education internationally. However, scepticism exists regarding the degree to which students' assimilate the principles of recovery into their practice due to the troublesome and challenging nature of learning at a transformational level, also known as threshold concept learning. Evaluation suggests that this combination of educational approaches positively influences students' prior understandings, beliefs and values in relation to the prospect for people with significant mental health problems to recover. The components of threshold concepts are useful as a deductive framework for the evaluation of educational initiatives which attempt to initiate transformative learning. While this forum clearly holds significant potential for student development, support and preparation is needed for both the student and the facilitator in order to enable the possibility of learning which influences attitudes, beliefs and practice. Abstract The aim of this paper is to discuss the potential for combining lived experience of mental distress with the facilitation of enquiry-based learning (EBL) to act as a trigger for transformative learning in the context of promoting the understanding of mental health recovery' in nurse education.The values underpinning recovery-orientated practice are recited in the literature and influential in mental health nurse education internationally. However, scepticism exists regarding the degree to which students assimilate into their practice. An open-ended was distributed to a cohort of pre-registration nursing students receiving the co-facilitated EBL (n = 112). Data demonstrated how the specific attributes of this educational approach were identified by students as impacting positively on ill-informed preconceptions, understanding of complex theory and their future practice. Results were considered in light of the identification of recovery' as a threshold concept' and offered evidence to support the value of this specific educational forum in the promotion of learning which is transformative, integrative, bounded and at times troublesome. Support and significant preparation is needed for both the student and the facilitator in order to enable the possibility of transformatory learning."""
NaN		1874	"Stamatakis, K. A., et al. (2013). """"Developing the next generation of dissemination and implementation researchers: insights from initial trainees."""" Implementation Science 8."""""	" Background: Dissemination and implementation (D&I) research is a relatively young discipline, underscoring the importance of training and career development in building and sustaining the field. As such, D&I research faces several challenges in designing formal training programs and guidance for career development. A cohort of early-stage investigators (ESI) recently involved in an implementation research training program provided a resource for formative data in identifying needs and solutions around career development. Results: Responses outlined fellows' perspectives on the perceived usefulness and importance of, as well as barriers to, developing practice linkages, acquiring additional methods training, academic advancement, and identifying institutional supports. Mentorship was a cross-cutting issue and was further discussed in terms of ways it could foster career advancement in the context of D&I research. Conclusions: Advancing an emerging field while simultaneously developing an academic career offers a unique challenge to ESIs in D&I research. This article summarizes findings from the formative data that outlines some directions for ESIs and provides linkages to the literature and other resources on key points."""
NaN		1875	"Stamopoulos, E. (2015). """"The Professional Leadership and Action Research Training Model: Supporting early childhood leadership."""" Australasian Journal of Early Childhood 40(4): 39-48."""""	" THIS PAPER CONTRIBUTES TO the discussion on early childhood leadership, pedagogy and change management during times of intense change. The study reported was funded by the Association of Independent Schools of Western Australia (AISWA) to strengthen pedagogical knowledge and leadership capacity in teachers aspiring to be early childhood leaders. A Professional Leadership and Action Research (PLAR) Training Model, was developed by the researcher and evaluated by 17 independent school teachers who completed the study. Data were drawn from surveys, conversations, interviews, focus groups, individual action research reports, reflective journals and document analysis. At the completion of the study, the 17 teacher leaders evaluated the PLAR Training Model as 'Excellent' or  Very Good', and validated its six elements, endorsing its capacity to strengthen leadership, pedagogy and research output."""
NaN		1876	"Stanford, J. S. and L. E. Duwel (2013). """"Engaging Biology Undergraduates in the Scientific Process through Writing a Theoretical Research Proposal."""" Bioscene: Journal of College Biology Teaching 39(2): 17-24."""""	" It has been suggested that research experiences are an important element that should be included in all undergraduate Biology curricula. This is a difficult suggestion to accommodate due to issues with cost, space and time. We addressed this challenge through development of a capstone project in which Biology majors work in groups to develop novel theoretical research proposals with guidance from a faculty mentor. Though students are not directly working at the bench, they are being mentored in aspects of the scientific process such as synthesizing information from the literature, asking novel research questions, constructing logical aims, designing experiments and writing scientifically. Since this project began, we have mentored 417 students in proposal writing and have assessed their experiences through pre-and post-surveys. Students have made gains in several areas, but most notably in their ability to pose novel questions and develop an experimental plan, and in the number of professional relationships they have with faculty members. Most faculty feel positively about mentoring these projects. In our view, this approach allows programs to engage a large number of students in the scientific process, and could be adapted for use in a variety of different university or college environments."""
NaN		1877	"Stanley, D. and J. Anderson (2015). """"Advice for running a successful research team."""" Nurse Researcher 23(2): 36-40."""""	" Aim To explore what is meant by a 'research team' and offer practical suggestions for supporting an effective and productive, collaborative research team. Background Collaborative research has become one of the main objectives of most higher education institutions and running effective research teams is central to achieving this aim. However, there is limited guidance in the literature about how to run or steer a research team. Data sources Search engines/databases used: CINAHL, Nursing and Allied Health Source, Primo search, Google search and Health Collection to access research articles and publications to support this topic. Literature search was extended to the end of 2014. Review methods Publications were reviewed for relevance to the topic via standard literature search. Discussion Research teams vary in size and composition, however they all require effective collaboration if they are to establish successful and flexible working relationships and produce useful and trustworthy research outputs. This article offers guidance for establishing and managing successful collaborative research relationships, building trust and a positive research team culture, clarifying team member roles, setting the teams' research agenda and managing the teams' functions so that team members feel able to contribute fully to the research goals and build a culture of support and apply 'emotional intelligence' throughout the process of building and running a successful research team. Conclusion Collaboration is a central component of establishing successful research teams and enabling productive research outputs. This article offers guidance for research teams to help them to function more effectively and allow all members to contribute fully to each team's goals. Implications for practice/research Research teams that have established trust and a positive team culture will result in more efficient working relationships and potentially greater productivity. The advice offered reinforces the value of having research teams with diverse members from different disciplines, philosophical roots and backgrounds. Each of these members should be able to contribute skills and expertise so that the parts of the team are able to develop 'synergy' and result in more productive, positive and rewarding research experiences, as well as more effective research."""
NaN		1878	"Starcic, A. I. (2010). """"Educational Technology for the Inclusive Classroom."""" Turkish Online Journal of Educational Technology - TOJET 9(3): 26-37."""""	" This paper presents and evaluates the development of an educational technology curriculum aimed at pre-service, primary education and undergraduates  the focus is on the incorporation of ICT competences for inclusive education. The framework was the introduction of SEVERI e-learning environment in Slovenian schools. Students were able to monitor the development and implementation of SEVERI tools for special needs pupils in Slovenian schools, and plan teaching and learning in SEVERI within their course project work. Within an educational technology curriculum, a competence framework was developed for fostering the use of ICT in the teaching of, and learning by, special needs pupils. This was achieved against the backcloth of the baseline learning objectives of autonomy, inquiry, creativity and innovation. In pre-service teacher education in educational technology, the focus is on inquiry based learning, and on planning and incorporating the innovative use of ICT into teaching  the emphasis is also on enhancing the student teachers' competences for his/her own professional development. In focusing more specifically on the use of ICT for special needs pupils, the aim is to carry into effect the principles of equality, diversity and inclusive education. The research was designed to evaluate the candidate students' learning and to consider the alignment of learning objectives and activities with learning outcomes in the new curriculum. The research questions considered within the paper are: (1) How the new curriculum assists mutual development of ICT didactical and technical competences? (2) How the project work based on SEVERI foster the learning objectives of autonomy, inquiry, creativity, and innovation in ICT implementation in inclusive classroom? (3) How is the project idea based on needs assessment in pedagogical practice? (4) How were the procedures of lesson planning conducted and how were lesson plans used in lesson performance? (Contains 1 figure and 5 tables.)"""
NaN		1879	"Stark, E. (2013). """"Real-Life Solutions to Real-Life Problems: Collaborating with a Non-Profit Foundation to Engage Honors Students in Applied Research."""" Journal of the National Collegiate Honors Council 14(2): 129-145."""""	" Colleges and universities have long emphasized undergraduate research experiences as valuable activities for students. Collegiate honors programs in particular have embraced the role of student research as an integral experience for high-ability students, leading the way in developing the thesis-based model of undergraduate research that is increasingly common in institutions of higher learning. However, one difficulty in getting honors students involved in research, particularly early in their years at college, is that they misunderstand what research entails or see it only as the province of laboratory-based science majors. Since the spring of 2012, the Minnesota State University, Mankato Honors Program has partnered with the Southern Minnesota Initiative Foundation (SMIF) to implement two separate approaches to developing honors students' research skills and broadening their understanding of the research process. Applied research opportunities for honors students were incorporated in two different settings: a course on research methods and an independent study research experience. Each approach was successful at building students' confidence in their research skills, giving them experience with applied research practices, and broadening their understanding of what constitutes research. This article describes the pros and cons of each approach and provides recommendations for how to form connections with community groups."""
NaN		1880	"Starkey, H. and N. Savvides (2009). """"Learning for Citizenship Online: How Can Students Develop Intercultural Awareness and Construct Knowledge Together?"""" Learning and Teaching: The International Journal of Higher Education in the Social Sciences 2(3): 31-49."""""	" This article evaluates ways in which students on an online Master's programme are learning about citizenship and developing intercultural awareness in spite of the lack of face-to-face interaction. There is still debate about the effectiveness of online courses and whether they provide an adequate substitute for, or even an improvement on, classroom-based learning. We employ qualitative research methods and deploy instruments for analysing constructivist learning to evaluate the extent to which students are constructing knowledge through online discussions as well as learning from research-led teaching materials. We also analyse online discussions for evidence of social presence, including the interventions of the course tutor. We conclude that students do feel themselves to be members of an international learning community and that their interactions can promote higher-order learning. We draw attention to some advantages of online courses such as the possibility of crafting a contribution and the availability of discussions as a resource. (Contains 1 table.)"""
NaN		1881	"Starr, L. and D. Minchella (2016). """"Learning beyond the Science Classroom: A Roadmap to Success."""" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 17(1): 52-57."""""	" Today's college graduates compete in a global market fueled by rapid innovation and constant technological advances. In order to be able to contribute to and advance in these highly demanding careers, workers not only require advanced scientific and technological knowledge but they also need to possess versatility, collaborative problem-solving ability, professional self-confidence, and intercultural communication skills. Many of these latter competencies have been found to be enhanced through co-curricular or experiential activities, like undergraduate research, internships, and community-based learning. Yet, despite these findings most institutions dedicated to the study of basic as opposed to applied science tend to regard experience-based, non-classroom learning as unnecessary for science students. The College of Science at Purdue University, in contrast, has legitimized experiential learning by encouraging students to make co-curricular high impact activities part of their overall academic plan. Students benefit from a roadmap of activities in which to participate as well as coaching through the reflection process. They are prompted to discover a link between their experiences and what they have learned in the classroom, and encouraged to reflect on how their experiences may impact their futures. Completion of the Learning Beyond the Classroom Certificate appears on a student's academic transcript and is noted at graduation."""
NaN		1882	"Statland, J. M., et al. (2012). """"Emerging subspecialties in neurology: Fellowship in experimental therapeutics of neurologic disease."""" Neurology 79(13): e106-e108."""""	" Fellowships in experimental therapeutics are one solution to the challenge of developing the next generation of clinical researchers in the neurologic sciences. Through didactic teaching, mentoring, clinical research experience, hands-on training in trial design and execution, and preparation in grant writing, fellowships in experimental therapeutics prepare new investigators for clinical research careers in academic medicine or industry. The URMC program and UCB program are 2 of a growing number of programs that focus on experimental therapeutics and opportunities for direct clinical trial experience. Trainees spend the majority of the fellowship program either working directly with industry or paired with a mentor with experience in their field of interest. This opportunity combined with didactic fundamentals and the skill set for securing funding prepares new investigators for an academic career in clinical neuroscience. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1883	"Staub, N. L., et al. (2016). """"Scaling Up: Adapting a Phage-Hunting Course to Increase Participation of First-Year Students in Research."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 15(2)."""""	" Authentic research experiences are valuable components of effective undergraduate education. Research experiences during the first years of college are especially critical to increase persistence in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields. The Science Education Alliance Phage Hunters Advancing Genomics and Evolutionary Science (SEA-PHAGES) model provides a high-impact research experience to first-year students but is usually available to a limited number of students, and its implementation is costly in faculty time and laboratory space. To offer a research experience to all students taking introductory biology at Gonzaga University (n = 350/yr), we modified the traditional two-semester SEA-PHAGES course by streamlining the first-semester Phage Discovery lab and integrating the second SEA-PHAGES semester into other courses in the biology curriculum. Because most students in the introductory course are not biology majors, the Phage Discovery semester may be their only encounter with research. To discover whether students benefit from the first semester alone, we assessed the effects of the one-semester Phage Discovery course on students' understanding of course content. Specifically, students showed improvement in knowledge of bacteriophages, lab math skills, and understanding experimental design and interpretation. They also reported learning gains and benefits comparable with other course-based research experiences. Responses to open-ended questions suggest that students experienced this course as a true undergraduate research experience."""
NaN		1884	"Staudt, D., et al. (2008). """"Science and Mathematics Alliance for Recruiting and Retaining Teachers (SMARRT): Addressing the Teacher Shortage in At-Risk Schools."""" Australian Journal of Teacher Education 33(4): 13."""""	" The Science and Mathematics Alliance for Recruiting and Retaining Teachers (SMARRT) is a collaborative partnership pursuing aggressive strategies to recruit high quality minority teachers to teach in high-need schools in urban school districts. This partnership is dedicated to recruiting, preparing, and retaining high quality teachers with strong academic content knowledge in science and/or mathematics and a wide repertoire of research-based teaching practices including ESL strategies. The SMARRT project is designed to allow urban school districts experiencing severe shortages in mathematics, science and ESL teachers to create a pipeline of highly qualified teachers by partnering with the university to recruit, prepare, and retain teachers in high need schools. Insights, concerns, and implications for teacher education related to the SMARRT project are addressed."""
NaN		1885	"Steed, C. (2009). """"Inquiry-Based Learning: Personalisation or the Rehabilitation of Human Value."""" Curriculum Journal 20(4): 465-475."""""	" In this article I argue that the concept of personalisation is simply rhetorical unless it facilitates theory and practice which takes seriously and engages with the value of the human person. The idea of human value is a fundamental theme in social and cultural life and the motor behind many psychological and social processes. Traditionally, knowledge presented as abstract and top down, and education systems which are driven by targets and economic imperatives, can unwittingly contribute to human devaluation by marginalising the personal, the idiosyncratic and the particular. The model of inquiry-based learning discussed here offers pedagogical strategies which attend to the self who is learning, as well as facilitating learners in engaging with the moral questions of human value embedded in processes of knowledge construction."""
NaN		1886	"Steel, A., et al. (2015). """"Research challenges for a complementary medicine higher education institution: Results from an organisational climate survey."""" European Journal of Integrative Medicine 7(5): 442-449."""""	" Introduction: Research and scholarly activity is considered a key feature which differentiates universities from technical colleges. The development of a research culture in a higher education institution (HEI) which primarily focuses on complementary medicine (CM) education faces unique challenges. However, little is known about the factors influencing research activity as they relate to institutions responsible for CM practitioner education. Methods: A cross-sectional online survey of academic and operational staff was conducted at a dual sector private CM education institution in Australia. The survey included items examining respondent attitudes and beliefs about research, personal research experience, and future intended research activity. Statistical analysis determined descriptive frequencies. Backwards stepwise logistic regression was used to identify characteristics of faculty interested in enrolling in a higher degree by research (HDR). Results: The survey was completed by 202 of 389 academics. Respondents perceived research as important to their personal professional goals (86.0%) although confidence in being able to undertake research was less common (56.5%). The perceived importance of publication of research to the respondents' personal professional goals was also notably high (80.0%) although confidence in their own ability to produce research publications was lower (52.9%). A number of key characteristics were identified for those interested in enrolling in a HDR including confidence in certain research methods and experience with publishing research. Discussion/Conclusion: The findings from this analysis may prove useful to early career researchers, educational administrators and research leaders in CM organisations transitioning from a teaching institution to a research-focused academic centre of excellence. (C) 2015 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1887	"Steele, S. R. (2008). """"Web-based surveys facilitate undergraduate research and knowledge."""" Journal of Economic Education 39(1): 41-49."""""	" The author presents Web-based surveying as a valuable tool for achieving quality undergraduate research in upper-level economics courses. Web-based surveys can be employed in efforts to integrate undergraduate research into the curriculum without overburdening students or faculty. The author discusses the value of undergraduate research, notes some of the challenges to achieving substantive undergraduate research, and describes the use of Web-based surveys in an environmental issues in public policy course."""
NaN		1888	"Stein, J. A., et al. (2013). """"Does early mentorship in child and adolescent psychiatry make a difference? The Klingenstein Third-Generation Foundation medical student fellowship program."""" Academic Psychiatry 37(5): 321-324."""""	" Objective: There is a critical shortage of child and adolescent psychiatrists in the United States Increased exposure, through mentorship, clinical experiences, and research opportunities, may increase the number of medical students selecting child and adolescent psychiatry (CAP) as a career choice. Method: Between 2008 and 2011, 241 first-year participants of a program to increase exposure to CAP, funded by the Klingenstein Third-Generation Foundation (KTGF) at 10 medical schools completed baseline surveys assessing their opinions of and experiences in CAP, and 115 second-year participants completed follow-up surveys to reflect 1 year of experience in the KTGF Program. Results: Students reported significantly increased positive perception of mentorship for career and research guidance, along with perceived increased knowledge and understanding of CAP Conclusions: Results suggest that the KTGF Program positively influenced participating medical students, although future studies are needed to determine whether these changes will translate into more medical students entering the field of CAP. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1889	"Steinbauer, R., et al. (2014). """"Ethical leadership and followers’ moral judgment: The role of followers’ perceived accountability and self-leadership."""" Journal of Business Ethics 120(3): 381-392."""""	" A two stage model was developed and tested to explain how ethical leadership relates to followers’ ethical judgment in an organizational context. Drawing on social learning theory, ethical leadership was hypothesized to promote followers’ self-leadership focused on ethics. It was found that followers’ perceived accountability fully accounts for this relationship. In stage two, the relationship between self-leadership focused on ethics and moral judgment in a dual decision-making system was described and tested. Self-leadership focused on ethics was only related to moral judgment when followers use active judgment as opposed to their intuition. This provides support that a deliberate application of self-leadership focused on ethics leads to higher moral judgment. Theoretical and practical implications as well as future research opportunities are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1890	"Stephens, A. L., et al. (2016). """"Telepresence-enabled remote fieldwork: undergraduate research in the deep sea."""" International Journal of Science Education 38(13): 2096-2113."""""	" Deep-sea research is rarely available to undergraduate students. However, as telepresence technology becomes more available, doors may open for more undergraduates to pursue research that includes remote fieldwork. This descriptive case study is an initial investigation into whether such technology might provide a feasible opportunity for undergraduate students to conduct ocean science research remotely, and if so, whether students can move from being spectators to beingactive agents. Specifically, we inquire into the learning of seven students who conducted fieldwork via telepresence, which enabled them to participate in a cruise that used remotely operated vehicles to explore an active underwater volcano and mud volcano cold seeps. This study examines whether the students engaged in authentic research and whether telepresence provided a reasonable experience of fieldwork at sea. Interviews and observation notes suggest that these undergraduates were able to undertake all aspects of research. Students' presentations exhibit a great deal of knowledge about the field sites and show that they contributed findings from their analyses. This study constitutes important initial evidence that telepresence can provide effective approximation of the experience and educational value of fieldwork at sea, and suggests that telepresence is a feasible option for future undergraduate research experiences."""
NaN		1891	"Stephens, R. P., et al. (2011). """"The Book Project: Engaging History Majors in Undergraduate Research."""" History Teacher 45(1): 65-80."""""	" Through an innovative course design for the capstone senior seminar, history majors at Virginia Tech have become published authors in recent years. Small classes of undergraduates have collaborated to create edited volumes of original historical essays that, at the end of the semester, are copied, bound, and distributed to class members. More importantly, copies of the volume are deposited in the Virginia Tech Library, where they are assigned an ISBN number and catalogued for future researchers to consult. Called ""The Book Project,"""" this innovative class format is intended to introduce undergraduates to the researching, writing, and publishing experiences of working historians. Both qualitative and quantitative assessments suggest that the Book Project, with its sequenced structure for research and writing that culminates in a publicly available publication, enhances student engagement with the learning objectives of the course even as it demystifies the process of research and invites students to self-identify as historians. While mentoring of individual history research projects as """"independent studies"""" offers some undergraduates a significant research experience, the Book Project extends the reach of research to large numbers of history majors. It not only opens up opportunities for them to present and publish, but also offers possibilities for concrete assessment of undergraduate skills in research and writing. (Contains 3 figures and 19 notes.)"""""
NaN		1892	"Sterk, B., et al. (2011). """"How, when, and for what reasons does land use modelling contribute to societal problem solving?"""" Environmental Modelling & Software 26(3): 310-316."""""	" This paper reports and reflects on the contributions of land use models to societal problem solving. Its purpose is to inform model development and application and thus to increase chances for societal benefit of the modelling work. The key question is: How, when, and for what reasons does land use modelling contribute to societal problem solving? Addressing this question, we rely on a synthesis of three studies, reported more extensively elsewhere. Our research experience, as demonstrated by the three studies used as examples, implies that the impacts of using land use models are diverse. These impacts are not limited to learning about a land system, but extend to learning about the views, norms and values of other actors. Also, land use modelling work may enhance mediation of conflicts between stakeholders and contribute to community-building. The synthesis suggests that we need to anticipate the relatively fluid and fuzzy features of social contexts and problem solving processes to harness land use modelling for societal problem solving. To capture these features, we developed a conceptual framework that links five important factors for understanding the contribution of modelling to societal change. Four contextual factors are distinguished and a set of processes that are important for these four factors to become fruitfully matched. The four contextual factors are: problem solving dynamics  model types  boundary arrangements  roles of models. The matching consists of contextualization and network building. In view of these findings we conclude that in designing a modelling strategy equal attention should be paid to the requirements for model development and the embedding of the work in a given/intended societal context. For those who pursue the use of science-based land use models, a number of activities seem particularly relevant: 1. Exploration of the possible and desired impacts of the land use model  2. Network building of modellers, potential users and stakeholders  3. Model contextualization, i.e. the explication of values and aspirations underlying the modelling work, fitting the model to a social and biophysical context and interpretation of modelling results in relation to other knowledge sources such as expert knowledge  4. Fostering feelings of interdependency between the participants in the problem solving process. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1893	"Stern, B. J., et al. (2008). """"Neurology education research."""" Neurology 70(11): 876-883."""""	" Background: There is a need to rigorously study the neurologic education of medical students, neurology residents, and neurologists to determine the effectiveness of our educational efforts. Methods: We review the status of neurologic education research as it pertains to the groups of interest. Results: We identify opportunities and impediments for education research. The introduction of the Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education core competencies, the Accreditation Council of Continuing Medical Education requirement to link continuing medical education to improved physician behavior and patient care, and the American Board of Medical Specialties/American Board of Psychiatry and Neurology-mandated maintenance of certification program represent research opportunities. Challenges include numerous methodologic issues such as definition of the theoretical framework of the study, adequate sample size ascertainment, and securing research funding. Conclusions: State-of-the-art education research will require multidisciplinary research teams and innovative funding strategies. The central goal of all concerned should be defining educational efforts that improve patient outcomes. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1894	"Stewart, B., et al. (2013). """"A Systematic Approach for Understanding Slater-Gaussian Functions in Computational Chemistry."""" Journal of Chemical Education 90(5): 609-612."""""	" A systematic way to understand the intricacies of quantum mechanical computations done by a software package known as ""Gaussian"""" is undertaken via an undergraduate research project. These computations involve the evaluation of key parameters in a fitting procedure to express a Slater-type orbital (STO) function in terms of the linear combination of Gaussian-type orbital (GTO) functions. A procedure for the optimization process based on the Newton-Raphson method is developed and is applied to STO-2G and STO-3G basis sets. Satisfactory results obtained by this procedure are used to illustrate the importance of ab initio computations for inclusion in the chemistry or physics undergraduate curriculum. Programming languages such as Python and Maple were employed to obtain the results."""""
NaN		1895	"Stewart, D., et al. (2015). """"Building hospital pharmacy practice research capacity in Qatar: a cross-sectional survey of hospital pharmacists."""" International Journal of Clinical Pharmacy 37(3): 511-521."""""	" Background There is a need to systematically develop research capacity within pharmacy practice. Hamad Medical Corporation (HMC) is the principal non-profit health care provider in Qatar. Traditionally, pharmacists in Qatar have limited training related to research and lack direct experience of research processes. Objectives To determine the interests, experience and confidence of hospital pharmacists employed by HMC, Qatar in relation to research, attitudes towards research, and facilitators and barriers. Setting Hospital pharmacy, Qatar. Method A cross-sectional survey of all pharmacists (n = 401). Responses were analysed using descriptive and inferential statistics, and principal component analysis (PCA). Main outcome measures Interests, experience and confidence in research  attitudes towards research  and facilitators and barriers to participation in research. Results The response rate was 53.1 % (n = 213). High levels of interest were expressed for all aspects of research, with respondents less experienced and less confident. Summary scores for items of interest were significantly higher than experience and confidence (p < 0.001). PCA identified four components: general attitudes towards research  confidence, motivation and resources  research culture  and support. While respondents were generally positive in response to all items, they were less sure of resources to conduct research, access to training and statistical support. They were also generally unsure of many aspects relating to research culture. Half (50.7 %, n = 108) had either never thought about being involved in research or taken no action. In multivariate binary logistic regression analysis, the significant factors were possessing postgraduate qualifications [odds ratio (OR) 3.48 (95 % CI 1.73-6.99), p < 0.001] and having more positive general attitudes to research [OR 3.24 (95 % CI 1.62-4.67), p = 0.001]. Almost all (89.7 %, n = 172) expressed interest in being involved in research training. Conclusion HMC pharmacists expressed significantly higher levels of interest in research compared to experience and confidence. While general attitudes towards research were positive, there were some barriers relating to support (e.g. administration) and research culture. Positive attitudes towards research and possessing postgraduate qualifications were significant in relation to readiness to participate in research and research training. Findings are of key relevance when considering the aims of research capacity building of encouraging research, improving skills and identifying skills gaps."""
NaN		1896	"Stewart, E. J., et al. (2008). """"Public participation geographic information systems (PPGIS): challenges of implementation in Churchill, Manitoba."""" Canadian Geographer-Geographe Canadien 52(3): 351-366."""""	" Public participation geographic information systems (PPGIS) increasingly are utilized in geographic research, yet researchers rarely are provided with guidance on how to implement PPGIS in an appropriate and effective manner. This article reports on the process of research that explores responses to current and future local tourism development offered by a sample of residents using a modified PPGIS approach called 'community action geographic information system'(CAGIS). The conceptual development of CAGIS is reported and the challenges encountered during its implementation in Churchill, Manitoba during 2005-2007 are reviewed. It is suggested that researchers wishing to conduct similar research should undertake thorough preliminary fieldwork to assess the likelihood of funding agreement on a common problem  acquiring adequate resources  establishing collective responsibility for the project's outcome  attaining stakeholder support  developing trust and meaningful relationships  and incorporating indigenous knowledge appropriately. Feedback of results to community members also should be an integral part of the research process. A number of feedback mechanisms ore reported, including an interactive weblog, which helped facilitate communication between heterogeneous groups in Churchill. Although ambitions for a truly participatory GIS approach to this project have been set aside, it is held that PPGIS con yield positive outcomes for communities and academia. Sharing this research experience will be useful to others who venture into PPGIS research, especially in northern communities."""
NaN		1897	"Stewart, K. A. (2013). """"The Undergraduate Field-Research Experience in Global Health: Study Abroad, Service Learning, Professional Training or """"None of the Above""""?"""" Learning and Teaching: The International Journal of Higher Education in the Social Sciences 6(2): 53-71."""""	" Interest in short-term international placements in global health training for U.S.-based medical students is growing  the trend is mirrored for global health undergraduate students. Best practices in field-based global health training can increase success for medical students, but we lack a critical framework for the undergraduate global health field experience. In what ways does an undergraduate field experience in global health resemble a medical student's first international health elective? Is it more similar to a study-abroad programme or a service-learning experience with a focus on personal development, civic responsibility and community engagement? This article suggests that an undergraduate global health field experience contains features of both the international medical elective and a traditional service-learning programme. I analyse a case study of a short-term U.S.-based undergraduate global health project and explore the intersections of research, professional training and service learning."""
NaN		1898	"Stillman, M. D., et al. (2016). """"Program Characteristics Influencing Allopathic Students' Residency Selection."""" Journal of the American Osteopathic Association 116(4): 214-226."""""	" Context: Medical students must consider many overt variables when entering the National Resident Matching Program. However, changes with the single graduate medical education accreditation system have caused a gap in knowledge about more subtle considerations, including what, if any, influence the presence of osteopathic physician (ie, DO) and international medical graduate (IMG) house officers has on allopathic students' residency program preferences. Program directors and selection committee members may assume students' implicit bias without substantiating evidence. Objective: To reexamine which program characteristics affect US-trained allopathic medical students' residency selection, and to determine whether the presence of DO and IMG house officers affects the program choices of allopathic medical students. Methods: Fourth-year medical students from 4 allopathic medical schools completed an online survey. The Pearson chi(2) statistic was used to compare demographic and program-specific traits that influence ranking decisions and to determine whether school type (private vs public), valuing a residency program's prestige, or interest in a competitive specialty dictated results. Qualitative data were analyzed using the Pandit variation of the Glaser and Strauss constant comparison. Results: Surveys were completed by 323 of 577 students (56%). Students from private vs public institutions were more likely to value a program's prestige (160 [93%] vs 99 [72%]  P<.001) and research opportunities (114 [66%] vs 57 [42%]  P<.001), and they were less likely to consider their prospects of being accepted (98 [57%] vs 111 [81 %]  P<.001). A total of 33 (10%) and 52 (16%) students reported that the presence of DO or IMG trainees, respectively, would influence their final residency selection, and these percentages were largely unchanged among students interested in programs' prestige or in entering a competitive specialty. Open-ended comments were generally optimistic about diversification of the physician workforce, and 4 of the 709 student comments expressed cynicism or hostility to the presence of DOs or IMGs. Conclusion: Both overt and subtle variables influence students' perceptions of residency programs in the United States, but the presence of DO and IMG house officers seems relevant to a small percentage of them."""
NaN		1899	"Stomski, N., et al. (2008). """"A survey of the uptake and implementation of research evidence by South Australian acupuncturists in clinical practice: Attitudes and associated predictive factors."""" Complementary Therapies in Medicine 16(4): 199-205."""""	" Objective: To examine South Australian acupuncturists' attitudes towards the use of research evidence and concurrently identify preclicative factors associated with the uptake and implementation of research evidence. Methods: Questionnaires were mailed out to the entire South Australian acupuncturist poputation (n=94). The population was divided into two groups, medical acupuncturists (general practitioners or other medical specialists) and non-medical acupuncturists, as previous studies have suggested that clinicians' attitudes to EBP are particular to the clinical setting. Results: The total response rate to the survey was 76.6% (n = 72). The difference in response rates between non-medical acupuncturists (90.9%, n=60) and medical acupuncturists (42%, n = 12) was significant (p < 0.0001). Over half of all respondents had both prior research training and previous research experience. Both groups held positive attitudes to research utilization, the use of research information was considered to be an important component of their professional practice, although they prioritized patient care over both reading research evidence and undertaking primary research. There was no significant difference in research interest between groups. The only preclicative factor that influenced research utilization was related to the non-medical acupuncturists period of time in practice  non-medical acupuncturists interest in research (p = -0.29, p = 0.036) declined as they accrued clinical experience. No predictive factors were identified for the medical acupuncturist group. Conclusion: South Australian acupuncturists hold favorable views towards research utilization and consider the integration of research evidence into clinical practice as an important component of professional development. Professional associations should implement strategies which capitalize on the respondents' positive attitudes in order to ensure high quality evidence-based care for patients seeking acupuncture. Crown Copyright (C) 2007 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1900	"Stone, J. A. M. (2014). """"The status of acupuncture and oriental medicine in the United States."""" Chinese Journal of Integrative Medicine 20(4): 243-249."""""	" Since its first mention in U.S. media in the early 1970s, the practice of acupuncture and Oriental medicine (AOM) has grown in stature from a fringe, counter-culture movement to a valid, evidenced-based treatment option for patients. In the last 40 years, AOM schools and colleges have been accredited by the U.S. Department of Education, offering both masters and doctoral degree programs. To date, forty-seven states and the District of Columbia license or certify acupuncturists based on competency proven through state examination or professional certification by the National Certification Commission for Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine (NCCAOM). As acceptance of AOM in the U.S. has increased through both the assurance of psychometrically sound certification and the education of the American public on this topic, many challenges have emerged. Problems such as the underemployment of AOM clinicians, methodological hurdles for the investigation of mechanisms, and efficacy of acupuncture and other AOM treatment techniques have been observed. Investigative challenges also include gaps in research training as well as a dearth of the basic resources needed to conduct randomized controlled trials (RCTs). As AOM research has sought integration into the Western research model, problems have been identified in the design of AOMRCTs, and strategies for their resolution through methods such as translational research have been examined. Incorporating these strategies as well as efficacy, effectiveness, and qualitative measures will strengthen the evidence base and thus provide clinical decision makers with more tools that can be used to design patient treatment regimens."""
NaN		1901	"Stopa, L. (2009). """"Reconceptualizing the self."""" Cognitive and Behavioral Practice 16(2): 142-148."""""	" This article is an invited commentary on Moscovitch’s (see record [rid]2009-06470-001[/rid]) paper 'What Is the Core Fear in Social Phobia? A New Model to Facilitate Individualized Case Conceptualization and Treatment.' The crux of Moscovitch’s argument is that current models of social phobia fail to conceptualize the nature of social fears correctly. Moscovitch proposes that the self is the phobic stimulus and should be the target of exposure treatment, rather than social situations. This commentary evaluates Moscovitch’s claim and agrees that distorted views of self are at the heart of the disorder, but contests the idea that the self can be conceptualized as a phobic stimulus. Instead, we need to recognize that all individuals have multiple self-representations and that access to a current working self depends on a set of retrieval mechanisms that involve both the contents of self-knowledge and the way that this information is stored. The application of these ideas to social phobia is discussed. In the final section of the commentary, I discuss Moscovitch’s contributions to treatment derived from his new model and outline some additional methods of working with the self, including imagery rescripting. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1903	"Stover, K. E., et al. (2014). """"Building district‐level capacity for continuous improvement in maternal and newborn health."""" Journal of Midwifery & Women's Health 59(Suppl 1): S91-S100."""""	" Introduction: The Maternal and Newborn Health in Ethiopia Partnership (MaNHEP) adapted a collaborative improvement strategy to develop woreda (district) leadership capacity to support and facilitate continuous improvement of community maternal and neonatal health (CMNH) and to provide a model for other woredas, dubbed 'lead' woredas. Community-level quality improvement (QI) teams tested solutions to improve CMNH care supported by monthly coaching and regular meetings to share experiences. This study examines the extent of the capacity built to support continuous improvement in CMNH care. Methods: Surveys and in-depth interviews assessed the extent to which MaNHEP developed improvement capacity. A survey questionnaire evaluated woreda culture, leadership support,motivation, and capacity for improvement activities. Interviews focused on respondents’ understanding and perceived value of the MaNHEP improvement approach. Bivariate analyses and multivariate linear regression models were used to analyze the survey data. Interview transcripts were organized by region, cadre, and key themes. Results: Respondents reported significant positive changes in many areas of woreda culture and leadership, including involving a cross-section of community stakeholders (increased from 3.0 to 4.6 on 5-point Likert scale), using improvement data for decision making (2.8-4.4), using locally developed and tested solutions to improve CMNH care (2.5-4.3), demonstrating a commitment to improve the health of women and newborns (2.6-4.2), and creating a supportive environment for coaches and QI teams to improve CMNH (2.6-4.0). The mean scores for capacity were 3.7 and higher, reflecting respondents’ agreement that they had gained capacity in improvement skills. Interview respondents universally recognized the capacity built in the woredas. The themes of community empowerment and focused improvement emerged strongly from the interviews. Discussion: MaNHEP was able to build capacity for continuous improvement and develop lead woredas. The multifaceted approach to building capacity was critical for the success in creating lead woredas able to serve as models for other districts. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1904	"Stover, S. K. and M. L. Mabry (2010). """"Biomedical Research Experiences for Biology Majors at a Small College."""" Bioscene: Journal of College Biology Teaching 36(1): 12-19."""""	" A program-level assessment of the biology curriculum at a small liberal arts college validates a previous study demonstrating success in achieving learning outcomes related to content knowledge and communication skills. Furthermore, research opportunities have been provided to complement pedagogical strategies and give students a more complete science education. (Contains 7 figures.)"""
NaN		1905	"Strauss, J. (2011). """"Subjectivity and severe psychiatric disorders."""" Schizophrenia Bulletin 37(1): 8-13."""""	" To have a complete human science in the mental health field it is essential to give adequate attention to both the objective and the subjective data related to people with psychiatric disorders. The tendency in the past has been to ignore or discount one or the other of these data sources. Subjective data are particularly neglected, sometimes considered (only) part of the 'art' of medicine since the usual methodologies of the physical sciences in themselves are not adequate to reflect the nature, elusiveness, and complexity of human subjective experience. The complete experience of hallucinated voices, for instance, often includes not only the voices themselves but also terrible anguish and terrifying inability to concentrate. But even such descriptors fall unnecessarily short of reflecting the data of the experience, thus leaving research, theory, and treatment with incomplete information. To represent adequately the subjective data it is essential to recognize that besides the usual discursive knowledge and methods of traditional physical science, a second kind of knowledge and method is required to reflect the depth of human experience. To accomplish this, we must employ approaches to narrative and the arts that are uniquely capable of capturing the nature of these experiences. Only by attending seriously in our research, training, theory, and practice to the unique nature of subjective data is it possible to have a true human science for our field. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1906	"Strayhorn, T. L. (2010). """"Undergraduate Research Participation and STEM Graduate Degree Aspirations among Students of Color."""" New Directions for Institutional Research(148): 85-93."""""	" Increasing the number of students who complete advanced degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields is a compelling national interest. Although college science and engineering degree completion rates have improved considerably over the past few decades, significant gaps persist among women and students of color. Gaps between underrepresented racial minorities (URMs) and their White and Asian Americans counterparts widen at the graduate and professional education levels. Fewer than half of STEM majors go on to enter a STEM graduate program or a research or technical career. At the doctoral level, African Americans are virtually absent in some STEM subfields such as biological sciences, computer science, and astronomy. While science and engineering employment has grown nearly 40 percent over the last decade, STEM degree production has lagged behind, especially among URMs, who represent only 6 percent of the STEM workforce in general and 4.6 percent of those working in STEM fields with advanced degrees. Taken together, these trends suggest a serious labor market condition where the supply of scientifically skilled individuals, particularly URMs with graduate training, is inadequate to meet the growing demand of a knowledge-based economy. A declining cadre of workers appropriately skilled in scientific research threatens U.S. global competitiveness, potentially reduces national security, and almost ensures continued exportation of highly technical jobs to countries outside the United States. Thus, to sustain global and economic standing, there is a need to strengthen the American STEM pipeline by broadening participation among URMs, who represent a reservoir of untapped talent. The study described in this chapter is part of a larger research initiative that focuses on identifying and explaining factors that inhibit or enable students of color to navigate successfully through the STEM pipeline across critical junctures--that is, transition experiences from high school to college, college entry to graduation, and graduation to postgraduate life. While the larger study consists of both quantitative and qualitative research, this article is based on the statistical analyses of survey data. The purpose of the survey was to examine the relationship between engagement in educationally purposeful research activities and STEM graduate degree aspirations among racially/ethnically diverse students by conducting a series of descriptive and multivariate statistical analyses to estimate the net effect of undergraduate research experiences (UGREs) on URMs' graduate degree aspirations. The author summarizes three key findings and provides recommendations for future research"""
NaN		1907	"Streitwieser, B. and R. Leephaibul (2007). """"Enhancing the Study Abroad Experience through Independent Research in Germany."""" Unterrichtspraxis/Teaching German 40(2): 164-170."""""	" Research opportunities for undergraduates in the social sciences remain relatively rare. If they exist at all they are usually in the natural sciences and engineering. In study abroad the situation is particularly pronounced: a semester or year abroad is still more a time for cultural and linguistic immersion than it is for building specific academic skills and knowledge, including how to plan and conduct independent research. At Northwestern University, over the past five years an innovative series of workshops have been developed that train and prepare undergraduates to conduct meaningful research while they are abroad. The Study Abroad Research Program (SARP) has helped over 200 undergraduates from all disciplines, including German, return from overseas to develop their projects into honors theses and prestigious research fellowships. This paper briefly details the development of undergraduate research as a national priority and then lays out the rationale, structure, and outcomes of the SARP initiative, including its impact on students in the German Department."""
NaN		1908	"Stripling, B. K. (2015). """"Creating a Culture of Intellectual Feedom through Leadership and Advocacy."""" Knowledge Quest 44(1): 14-19."""""	" Culture involves behavior, attitudes, beliefs, and invisible norms and expectations. The question for school librarians is: How is a culture of intellectual freedom built, and what is the role of the librarian? School librarians are expected to be instructional leaders from ""the middle."""" They are not in positions of authority over other teachers, and yet they provide connective tissue across the school and often influence instructional strategies, the implementation of inquiry-based teaching, a focus on independent reading, the use of technology and resources, and the integration of skills instruction across the curriculum. If school librarians want to establish a culture of intellectual freedom, they must exert strong leadership and sustained advocacy. A culture of intellectual freedom, through equitable access and freedom of expression, empowers individuals and even schools to grow and change. This article explains how librarians can lead and advocate for a culture of intellectual freedom by enabling their school communities to take action in several realms: connections, policy, access, and student empowerment through inquiry and independent reading."""""
NaN		1909	"Strizhakova, Y., et al. (2008). """"The meanings of branded products: A cross-national scale development and meaning assessment."""" International Journal of Research in Marketing 25(2): 82-93."""""	" This research develops a scale to assess branded product meanings, including quality, values, personal identity, and traditions. Using data gathered in the U.S. and three emerging markets (Romania, Ukraine, and Russia), we demonstrate a valid and reliable measure that exhibits cross-national measurement invariance. Our findings document quality is the most important branded product meaning across countries  identity-related and traditions-related meanings are more important in the U.S. than the emerging markets. We discuss these findings, provide important managerial implications, and offer future research opportunities related to branding and measurement. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1910	"Strnadova, I., et al. (2014). """"Building an Inclusive Research Team: The Importance of Team Building and Skills Training."""" Journal of Applied Research in Intellectual Disabilities 27(1): 13-22."""""	" BackgroundInclusive research teams typically describe their experiences and analyse the type of involvement of researchers with disability, but the process of building research teams and the need for research training still remain underexplored in the literature. Materials and MethodFour researchers with intellectual disabilities and four academic researchers developed an inclusive research team. The team conducted 15 research training sessions, focused on investigating the well-being of older women with intellectual disabilities. They used mobile technology to support research skills acquisition. ResultsFindings included the experiences of all team members regarding the team building during training. ConclusionsTo become an effective inclusive research team, all team members, regardless of ability, need to bring their own experiences and also learn necessary research skills. This paper highlights the need for team building, joint research training among all members of the research team and strategies supporting the peer-mentoring within the team."""
NaN		1911	"Strobl, A. and C. Kronenberg (2016). """"Entrepreneurial networks across the business life cycle: The case of Alpine hospitality entrepreneurs."""" International Journal of Contemporary Hospitality Management 28(6): 1177-1203."""""	" Purpose: This paper aims to deliver a detailed understanding about the dynamics of entrepreneurial networks along the enterprise life cycle of hospitality enterprises. Design/methodology/approach: Case study research was conducted, using in-depth interviews with hospitality entrepreneurs and additional material (e.g. website information). The data were analyzed applying the qualitative method GABEK (GAnzheitliche BEwältigung von Komplexität—holistic processing of complexity) which enables researchers to reveal concepts and attitudes of interviewees. Findings: Networks of hospitality entrepreneurs shift from local ties to industry-specific actor groups to local and non-local ties to actor groups inside and outside the industry. Throughout the enterprise life cycle, entrepreneurs prefer strong ties. The transition from one family generation to the next and changes in the competitive environment are important triggers of network configurations. Research limitations/implications: Future research should reproduce the findings and investigate the proposed relationships in representative samples from different regions and industries. The influences of different actors within networks provide fertile research opportunities. Practical implications: Networks provide viable means for tackling the challenges of growth in the hospitality industry. The research provides managerial implications for how networks should be configured for meeting resource dependencies of different development stages. Originality/value: Building on resource dependency theory, this research emphasizes which challenges the enterprise life cycle imposes upon network management in the hospitality industry. While past research has focused upon the early stages of the enterprise life cycle, this study investigates also later stages. Furthermore, triggers of network management are identified. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1912	"Strom, B. L., et al. (2012). """"The Master of Science in clinical epidemiology degree program of the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania: A model for clinical research training."""" Academic Medicine 87(1): 74-80."""""	" An innovative training program to provide clinical research training for clinicians was created in 1979 at the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine, now the Perelman School of Medicine. The program’s principal and continuing aim is to provide trainees mentored experiences and the training needed to become skilled independent investigators able to conduct clinical research and develop academic careers as independent clinical investigators. The authors identify the vision that led to the creation of the master of science in clinical epidemiology (MSCE) degree program and describe today’s training program, including administration, oversight, participating faculty, and trainees. They also describe the program’s core curriculum, elective options, seminars on ongoing research, training in the responsible conduct of research, professional development activities, and the development and completion of a closely mentored clinical research project. Approximately 35 new trainees enter the two- to three-year program annually. Funding is provided primarily by National Institutes of Health–funded training programs and supplemented by private industry, private foundations, and employee-based benefits. More than 500 individuals have received or are currently receiving training through the MSCE program. A large percentage of former trainees maintain full-time positions in academic medicine today. The authors identify some challenges that have been met and insights regarding funding, faculty, trainees, and curriculum. Ongoing challenges include recruiting trainees from some selected highly paid, procedure-oriented specialties, maintaining sufficient mentors for the continually increasing numbers of trainees, and distinguishing applicants who truly desire a primary research career from others. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1913	"Styhre, A. and F. Lind (2010). """"The softening bureaucracy: Accommodating new research opportunities in the entrepreneurial university."""" Scandinavian Journal of Management 26(2): 107-120."""""	" In the growing literature on the entrepreneurial university, the divergent attitudes between industry and academy are often put forth as a major obstacle to more fruitful collaborations. This paper presents a study of a major Scandinavian technical university (referred to with the pseudonym UniTech), suggesting that the organization of such collaborations is perhaps a more substantial challenge for the entrepreneurial university. Drawing on a body of literature that addresses bureaucratic and post-bureaucratic organization forms, it is suggested that the entrepreneurial university could emerge as a soft bureaucracy, that is, a hybrid organization form comprising both bureaucratic and post-bureaucratic elements. While the soft bureaucracy organization form offers distinct opportunities, it also demands the sacrificing of some bureaucratic features such as full transparency and the predictability of operations. As a consequence, the entrepreneurial university needs to institute a number of mechanisms and procedures that structure and guide its day-to-day work, and nourish an attitude whereby a certain degree of ambiguity can be tolerated. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1914	"Su, L., et al. (2012). """"The rights of psychiatric patients in China: A survey of medical staff and consumers' attitudes toward patient participation in clinical trials."""" Social Science & Medicine 75(5): 823-827."""""	" To explore and compare attitudes of consumers (patients and their family members) and medical staff toward clinical trials related to mental health in China, we developed two questionnaires for medical staff and patients and their family members. Approximately 66.2% of medical staff who had no research experience believed that patients could be persuaded to participate in clinical trials, but the percentage of consumers who believed so was just 12.5%. Both groups agreed that written informed consent was required  however, more medical staff than patients agreed that such consent could be provided by patients or their guardian (88.4% vs. 71.4%). Only 9.5% of medical staff thought that patient treatment would be compromised by refusal to participate  the proportion of consumers who thought the same was 29.4%. Great differences exist between medical staff and consumers’ attitudes and beliefs regarding clinical trials. Medical staff were more likely to have a favorable attitude toward their patients participating in clinical trials and considered that informed consent could be provided by guardians rather than the patient. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1915	"Su, M. M. and G. Wall (2011). """"Chinese Research on World Heritage Tourism."""" Asia Pacific Journal of Tourism Research 16(1): 75-88."""""	" This paper reviews and assesses the Chinese academic literature on World Heritage Sites. Management structure, lack of financial resources, impacts on the World Heritage Sites and heritage education are themes that are commonly addressed. Research opportunities are identified. In particular, the need for more detailed case studies on a greater variety of sites is required. Such studies should be informed by clear concepts and appropriate theoretical frameworks if knowledge is to be cumulative and lead to the enhanced management of World Heritage Sites."""
NaN		1916	"Subramaniam, K. (2010). """"Images in Action: Preservice Teachers' Action Researcher Images."""" Qualitative Report 15(3): 535-546."""""	" The purpose of this paper is to address the gap that exists in the knowledge base for understanding the repertoire of images that preservice teachers gain as they engage in action research. Data were collected using a variety of qualitative methods: journals, metaphors, narratives, action research reports, and focus group interviews. Data were thematically analyzed to identify recurrent images. Findings revealed two distinct images--images of an action research space and images of self-fulfillment that acted as guides through which participants made sense of their action research experiences. Implications include the need to provide insights into the purpose of action research as preservice teachers understand it  and to provide insights into the nature of preservice teachers as action researchers."""
NaN		1917	"Sulik, G. A., et al. (2012). """"The future of the cancer prevention workforce: Why health literacy, advocacy, and stakeholder collaborations matter."""" Journal of Cancer Education 27(Suppl 2): 165-172."""""	" In considering the role of the cancer prevention workforce in meeting the nation’s future health care needs, it is vital to address the considerable gaps in information, communication, training, professional development, roles, and levels of collaboration among diverse disciplines, stakeholders, and constituencies. As part of an October 2009 symposium at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center entitled 'Future Directions in Cancer Prevention and Control: Workforce Implications for Training, Practice, and Policy,' the Health Policy and Advocacy Working Group was convened to discuss barriers to closing these gaps. Three major themes emerged from the group’s deliberations and are discussed here: (1) the role of critical health literacy and evidence-based collaborations in cancer prevention education, research, and practice  (2) the implications of health advocacy for policy development and clinical and public health practice  and (3) culturally and linguistically appropriate cancer prevention programs and information within advocacy/workforce collaborations. Mechanisms for addressing these gaps are presented. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1918	"Sullivan, B. M., et al. (2014). """"Development of a student-mentored research program between a complementary and alternative medicine university and a traditional, research-intensive university."""" Academic Medicine 89(9): 1220-1226."""""	" The global need to develop clinician–scientists capable of using research in clinical practice, translating research knowledge into practice, and carrying out research that affects the quality, efficacy, and efficiency of health care is well documented. The complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) professions embrace the call to develop physician–researchers to carry out translational and applied research for CAM modalities. CAM universities face unique challenges when implementing research training compared with traditional, research-intensive (TRI) universities and medical centers where the majority of medical research is carried out. The authors present the development and outcomes of a mentored research program (MRP) between a CAM and a TRI institution, the National University of Health Sciences and the University of Illinois at Chicago School of Public Health, between 2006 and 2012. CAM predoctoral students engaged in a full-immersion semester at the TRI, including didactic courses and active research with a TRI faculty research mentor. Half of the participating doctor of chiropractic (DC) students continued on to PhD programs, and half established integrative medicine, primary care clinical careers. Establishing rigorous criteria for mentors and mentees, communicating expectations, developing solid relationships between the mentor, mentee, and home school advisor, responding quickly to impediments, and providing adequate support from CAM and TRI investigators were key to the MRP's success. To sustain research opportunities, coordinated degree programs for the DC and master of public health and master of clinical and translational research were established. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1919	Sullivan, R., et al. (2014). TOOLS OF ENGAGEMENT PROJECT (TOEP): ONLINE PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT THROUGH STRUCTURED INQUIRY AND A VIRTUAL COMMUNITY. Inquiry-Based Learning for Faculty and Institutional Development: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 1: 377-392.	" University and college students are fully immersed in a participatory, interactive, digital culture that permeates every aspect of their lives. Today's educators must find ways to integrate educational technology into their curriculum to fully engage their students in the learning process. The difficulty for educators is vetting educational technologies for pedagogical effectiveness and devoting time to work with them prior to classroom integration. Those responsible for creating faculty professional development training opportunities will find self-directed online learning modules coupled with a virtual learning community an effective training tool. Structured inquiry-based learning, which relies on self-direction, curiosity, and knowledge creation, serves as the framework for such professional development efforts. Faculty and staff from 10, public institutions in New York State created an inquiry-based, self-directed, learning community called Tools of Engagement Project (TOEP). The goal was to help faculty and staff identify and master Web 2.0 tools relevant to their teaching needs for integration into their skill set. Approximately 300 faculty and staff from across these 10 institutions met in a virtual environment during a four-month period to actively engage in a collegial, online community where they were encouraged by mentors and fellow participants to learn about Web 2.0 tools. Results of pre- and post-surveys and participants' comments have shown this self-directed format to be an effective professional development training tool. The pace of TOEP and the differential teaching and learning aspect of the modules have helped faculty and staff who struggle to find the time to integrate these pervasive technologies into their teaching practice."""
NaN		1920	"Sumathipala, A., et al. (2010). """"Understanding of research: A Sri Lankan perspective."""" BMC Medical Ethics 11."""""	" Background: Lack of proper understanding on the part of researchers about public understanding of research and informed consent will increase the potential for malpractice. As a part of a larger study on ethics and informed consent in Sri Lanka, this study aimed to ascertain the level of understanding of 'research' by exploring the views of the public and professionals. Methods: Convenience sampling and snow ball technique were used for recruitment with an emphasis on balanced age and gender representation, diverse educational, socio-cultural and professional backgrounds, and previous research experience, either as researchers or participants. Content analysis of the data was carried out. Results: 66 persons (37 males, 29 females) participated. Although fundamentally a qualitative study, themes were also quantitatively analysed for informative results. Most participants thought that the word 'research' meant searching, looking, inquiring while some others thought it meant gathering information, gaining knowledge and learning. A third of participants did not offer an alternative word for research. Others suggested the words survey, exploration, search, experiment, discovery, invention and study as being synonymous. Doctors, health professionals, health institutions, scientists, professionals, businessmen, pharmaceutical companies, students, teachers were identified as people who conduct research. Participants indicated that crucial information on deciding to participate in research included objectives of the research, project importance and relevance, potential benefits to individuals and society, credibility & legitimacy of researchers, what is expected of participant, reason for selection, expected outcome, confidentiality and ability to withdraw at any time. A majority (89%) expressed their willingness to participate in future research. Conclusions: The results show that with or without prior experience in research, participants in this study had a reasonable understanding of research. The findings show that a decision about taking part in research is dependent on knowledge, education and also on social networks. The results demonstrate that the majority were supportive of health research and believe that research is beneficial to the welfare of society. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1921	"Sung-Chan, P. (2007). """"Generating practice knowledge for social work education: A teacher's experience in Hong Kong."""" Social Work Education 26(6): 601-615."""""	" An under-explored area in social work is the development of theories of social work education. The author has made use of her own teaching practice in Hong Kong, systematically experimenting with some of the experiential learning theories developed since the early 1990s, to generate practice knowledge. This paper presents two major findings of one of the author's action research experiences that shed light on the process by which learners who are experts in a particular approach to practice gain new practice knowledge. The first finding contributes to the theoretical understanding of one of the factors that can prevent learners from acquiring substantive knowledge. In particular, the distinct frames that both teachers and learners bring to their teaching-learning experience determine how well learners gain new substantive knowledge. The second finding contributes to the development of practice knowledge, revealing how ineffective teaching and learning can change so that learners can adopt new, more effective frames. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1922	"Swain, J. and M. Swan (2009). """"Teachers' Attempts to Integrate Research-Based Principles into the Teaching of Numeracy with Post-16 Learners."""" Research in Post-Compulsory Education 14(1): 75-92."""""	" This paper describes some outcomes of a nine-month design-based research study into the professional development of 24 numeracy teachers with post-16 learners. The teachers were encouraged to integrate eight research-based teaching principles into their classroom practices as they implemented a set of discussion-based mathematics learning resources. A mixed methods approach was used to evaluate the outcomes, including interviews and classroom observation. The paper examines teachers' perceptions of the project, the reasons they found some pedagogical principles more difficult to incorporate than others, and the factors that enabled and impeded their use of the learning resources. In particular, it is noted that the principles that teachers considered to be most important were not the ones that they were observed using most effectively. The paper concludes by considering the implications of the research for initial and continuing teacher education. (Contains 2 tables, 2 figures, and 7 notes.)"""
NaN		1923	Swanson, C. C., et al. (2014). A FIRST-YEAR SOCIAL SCIENCES INQUIRY COURSE: THE INTERPLAY OF INQUIRY AND METACOGNITION TO ENHANCE STUDENT LEARNING. Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 2: 53-73.	" This chapter highlights inquiry-based learning in action in a first-year Social Sciences inquiry course. Focusing on the continued development of this course over eight years, we present a practical example of fostering an inquiry-based teaching and learning environment grounded in metacognitive practice. Woven throughout the course is a thoughtful and deliberate incorporation of skill-building based on two types of metacognitive expertise  self-understanding and self-regulation with a goal to encourage and support students in developing effective learning strategies necessary for university study. We have found that scaffolding the inquiry learning process with metacognition further enhances the first-year learning experience and promotes a deeper level of learning, where students become aware of their own thinking practice and process. These skills include critical thinking, self-directed learning, clear communication and openness to learning. The chapter presents a series of strategies for introducing and linking metacognitive practice and the inquiry-based approach to learning. Presenting the five stages of inquiry learning: exploration, question and problem identification, methods of investigation, collection and analysis of data, development of conclusions and creative communication of results we describe how we work to develop a more distinct, personalized, engaging and sustainable undergraduate learning experience."""
NaN		1924	"Swanson, H. I., et al. (2016). """"Development of a Course-Based Undergraduate Research Experience to Introduce Drug-Receptor Concepts."""" Journal of Medical Education and Curricular Development 3: 57-66."""""	" Course-based research experiences (CUREs) are currently of high interest due to their potential for engaging undergraduate students in authentic research and maintaining their interest in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) majors. As part of a campus-wide initiative called STEMCats, which is a living learning program offered to freshman STEM majors at the University of Kentucky funded by a grant from Howard Hughes Medical Institute, we have developed a CURE for freshmen interested in pursuing health care careers. Our course, entitled ""Drug-Drug Interactions in Breast Cancer,"""" utilized a semester-long, in-class authentic research project and instructor-led discussions to engage students in a full spectrum of research activities, ranging from developing hypotheses and experimental design to generating original data, collaboratively interpreting results and presenting a poster at a campus-wide symposium. Student's feedback indicated a positive impact on scientific understanding and skills, enhanced teamwork and communication skills, as well as high student engagement, motivation, and STEM belonging. STEM belonging is defined as the extent to which a student may view the STEM fields as places where they belong. The results obtained from this pilot study, while preliminary, will be useful for guiding design revisions and generating appropriate objective evaluations of future pharmacological-based CUREs."""""
NaN		1925	Swanson, M. T. and M. Bampton (2009). Integrated digital mapping in geologic field research: An adventure-based approach to teaching new geospatial technologies in an REU Site Program. Field Geology Education: Historical Perspectives and Modern Approaches. S. J. Whitmeyer, D. W. Mogk and E. J. Pyle. 461: 117-133.	" Adapting geologic field education and research training to new geospatial technologies requires considerable investment of time and money in acquiring new instruments, mastering new techniques, and developing new curriculum in return for dramatically increased mapping capabilities. The University of Southern Maine's Research Experiences for Undergraduates (REU) Program has developed an integrated system of digital mapping specifically designed for geologic work that involves satellite and optical digital survey instruments, digital imagery, and a variety of mapping techniques. These new digital tools, techniques, and resources are used to explore the nature of crustal deformation in an adventure-based undergraduate field research program that employs sea kayaks for coastal access to island bedrock exposures. This new generation of digital mapping tools enabled the development of new techniques for outcrop surface mapping where we are able to delineate 1-100-m-range mesoscale geologic features that are often overlooked in traditional quadrangle-scale geologic mapping. Maps of extensive exposures in coastal Maine created using these digital techniques continue to reveal new and never-before-seen geologic structures and relationships. Because of this, undergraduate students are able to make meaningful contributions to our base of geologic knowledge and acquire essential geospatial skills, while learning these digital mapping techniques in a research setting. The emphasis we place on teamwork, risk taking, exploration, and discovery as part of the adventure programming aspect of the field component builds a confidence and enthusiasm that extends into the research component of the project, where students are able to develop new analytical methods, applications, and approaches to our field and laboratory work."""
NaN		1926	"Swanton, C. J., et al. (2008). """"Integrated weed management: Knowledge-based weed management systems."""" Weed Science 56(1): 168-172."""""	" The fundamental role of integrated weed management (IWM) is to provide a source of scientifically based knowledge from which growers can make informed weed-management decisions. The objectives of this article include (1) highlighting the essential knowledge base required for the success of an MM cropping system, (2) identifying the barriers to acceptance of IWM, and (3) discussing the future research opportunities for IWM. The minimum knowledge base consists of four key components: the effect of tillage on weed population dynamics, the time of weed emergence relative to the crop, the critical period for weed control, and the concept of a harvest window. There are substantial barriers, however, that reduce the willingness of growers to adopt the components of an IWM cropping system. IWM systems can be perceived as unreliable resulting in increased risk to management. No direct economic benefit can be defined clearly nor has there been sustained support for the adoption of IWM. In the future, IWM must change from a descriptive to a predictive science. As new markets evolve for agricultural products, new quality issues will arise that may influence weed management. Environmental auditing of IWM systems in terms of ISO 14000 accreditation, total carbon credits, or energy use will provide an important template from which comparisons of alternative weed-control strategies can be assessed. IWM strategies must be developed to reduce the risk to management and to gain broader support from the crop-protection industry, growers, and government."""
NaN		1927	"Sweller, J., et al. (2007). """"Why minimally guided teaching techniques do not work: A reply to commentaries."""" Educational Psychologist 42(2): 115-121."""""	" In this reply to commentaries on the Kirschner, Sweller, and Clark (see record [rid]2006-06011-001[/rid]) paper, we not only reemphasize the importance of randomized, controlled experimental tests of competing instructional procedures, but also indicate that altering one variable at a time is an essential feature of a properly controlled experiment. Furthermore, we also emphasize that variable must be relevant to the issue at hand with its effects explainable by our knowledge of human cognitive architecture. We reject the view that the presentation of relevant information should be reduced in favor of teaching learners how to find information. Lastly, we indicate that we believe a new educational psychology has been developed that has the potential to rapidly change our field. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1928	"Szalay, L. and Z. Toth (2016). """"An inquiry-based approach of traditional 'step-by-step' experiments."""" Chemistry Education Research and Practice 17(4): 923-961."""""	" This is the start of a road map for the effective introduction of inquiry-based learning in chemistry. Advantages of inquiry-based approaches to the development of scientific literacy are widely discussed in the literature. However, unless chemistry educators take account of teachers' reservations and identified disadvantages such approaches will never have the place they deserve in the everyday teaching of chemistry. If circumstances do not allow for complicated and open-ended inquiry tasks, simpler and more structured inquiry-based tasks may be used. As a first step, teachers could be asked to modify and adapt established 'step-by-step' instructions to practical activities which require some stages to be designed by the students. If this happens only a few times in a school year the question arises about its effectiveness to develop experimental design skills and to reinforce knowledge and ideas taught in chemistry lessons. The present study describes the results of an empirical research project aimed to finding the answer. Modification of step-by-step practical activities as described requires limited time and effort, yet the results suggest that many students benefit from this approach."""
NaN		1929	"Szteinberg, G. A. and G. C. Weaver (2013). """"Participants' Reflections Two and Three Years after an Introductory Chemistry Course-Embedded Research Experience."""" Chemistry Education Research and Practice 14(1): 23-35."""""	" The Center for Authentic Science Practice in Education (CASPiE) is a course-embedded undergraduate research curriculum that aims to introduce authentic research experiences for students in their early college years. A cohort of students who were randomly assigned to the CASPiE laboratory sections was tracked during and two and three years after course enrollment. Students from the traditional laboratory sections were also tracked for control purposes. This paper presents students' perceptions of the laboratory course at the time of enrollment, based on their answers to an online survey, and a comparison to students' later responses to semi-structured oral interviews about their course involvement. We found that students' views of the curricula persisted over the years. CASPiE students thought the curriculum allowed them to learn how to do research and in turn gained confidence to do such work. In contrast, students from the traditional sections thought they did not learn the practice of research in their course. These and related comparisons are presented with evidence from survey results and interview vignettes. The implications of the CASPiE curriculum implementation and its effects over the long term are discussed. A list of notes and references is included. (Contains 3 tables and 8 figures.)"""
NaN		1930	"t Hart, P. and B. Sundelius (2013). """"Crisis management revisited: A new agenda for research, training and capacity building within Europe."""" Cooperation and Conflict 48(3): 444-461."""""	" Fifteen years ago we presented an agenda for crisis management research and training in Europe, here that article is revisited through a comprehensive review of social science scholarship in the field. Both the discourses on risk and crisis management' and on crisis politics' are surveyed in an effort to show the connect between knowledge and policy agendas for capacity building. Priority areas for European research are identified and discussed. The vital roles of research-based education and experience-based training to foster enhanced crisis management practices are noted. Independent yet policy-focused centres of crisis management scholarship are encouraged and needed. These should be linked through a transnational network to support a common rapid reflection' force in service of European leadership, when it matters the most."""
NaN		1931	"Tabaee, A., et al. (2008). """"The Rhinology Experience in Otolaryngology Residency: A Survey of Chief Residents."""" Laryngoscope 118(6): 1072-1075."""""	" Objectives: The development of rhinology as a distinct subspecialty is based on recent advances in the research, clinical, and surgical aspects of the field. The impact of this evolution on the rhinologic experience in otolaryngology residency programs is not currently understood. Methods: An anonymous, web-based survey of chief residents in otolaryngology residency programs was performed. Participants were asked to rate their residency experience in rhinology in terms of didactics, research opportunities, mentorship availability, clinical care, and surgical experience on an ordinal 5-point Likert scale with higher scores representing more favorable responses. Results: Forty-eight respondents completed the survey, yielding a response rate of 17.6%. The overall experience in rhinology was reported as positive (4.3 points). The individual items with statistically lower scores included availability of basic science research (P = .04), comfort level with the medical management of unusual rhinologic issues (P = .0006), and comfort level with advanced sinus procedures (P < .0001). However, overall ratings were high, and even the poorer-scoring items were still rated favorably. In programs with rhinology fellowships, basic science opportunities were reported as being higher (P = .04) than programs without fellowships. There were no other statistically significant differences in programs with rhinology fellowships. There was no correlation between responses and future career choice. Conclusion: The overall residency training experience in rhinology appears to be positive, and presence of a rhinology fellowship appears not to have a negative impact on resident rhinologic training."""
NaN		1932	"Tack, H. and R. Vanderlinde (2016). """"Measuring Teacher Educators' Researcherly Disposition: Item Development and Scale Construction."""" Vocations and Learning 9(1): 43-62."""""	" This study reports on the development of a self-reported measurement instrument--The Teacher Educators' Researcherly Disposition Scale (TERDS)--to improve understanding of teacher educators' researcherly disposition. Teacher educators' researcherly disposition refers to the habit of mind to engage with research--both as consumers and producers--to improve their practice and contribute to the knowledge base on teacher education. Taking into account the shortcomings of the emerging field of teacher educator professional development research (which is largely confined to small-scale, qualitative studies), a large-scale quantitative survey study (n?=?944) was conducted. The first part of the article reports the results of factor analysis (EFA and CFA), which suggest a four-factor structure of teacher educators' researcherly disposition: (1) ""valuing research"""" (a?=?0.86), (2) """"being a smart consumer of research"""" (a?=?0.89), (3) """"being able to conduct research"""" (a?=?0.82), and (4) """"conducting research"""" (a?=?0.87). Goodness of fit estimates were calculated, indicating good fit. The second part of the article explores differences in teacher educators' researcherly disposition across several subgroups of teacher educators using the developed instrument. Results indicate that having research experience leads to significantly higher scores on each of the subscales. Furthermore, significantly higher scores were found for those with more than 3 years' experience as a teacher educator, as well as for those without (prior) teaching experience in compulsory education. To conclude, the implications for further research and practices related to teacher educators' professional development are discussed."""""
NaN		1933	"Tackett, J. J., et al. (2015). """"Combining disparate surgical residencies into one: lessons learned."""" Journal of Surgical Research 198(2): 289-293."""""	" Background: Attitudes, career goals, and educational experiences of general surgery residents are profiled during the acquisition of a community residency program by an academic residency program. Materials and methods: The study population included all general surgery residents postgraduate years 2-5 in a tertiary academic medical center divided into community program matriculants (CPM) or academic program matriculants (APM). A survey compared perceptions before and after residency amalgamation in seven training categories as follows: relationships among residents, relationships with faculty, systems interactions, clinical training, surgical training, scholarship, and career plans. Responses were recorded on a Likert scale. Fisher exact test and one-sided t-test were applied. Results: Thirty-five trainees (83%) participated, 23 APM (66%) and 12 CPM (34%). Neither cohort reported significant negative perceptions regarding surgical training, career planning, or scholarship (P > 0.05). There was a greater likelihood of significant negative perceptions regarding inter-resident relationships among CPM (P < 0.05). CPM perceived significantly improved opportunities for scholarship (P < 0.01) and nationwide networking through faculty (P < 0.05) after acquisition. There was a nearly significant trend toward CPM perceiving greater access to competitive specialties after acquisition. Overall, CPM perceptions were affected more often after acquisition  however, when affected, APM were less likely to be positively affected (odds ratio, 2.9). Conclusions: Acquisition of a community surgery residency by an academic program does not seem to negatively affect trainees' perceptions regarding training. The effect of such acquisition on CPMs' decision to pursue competitive fellowships remains ill defined, but CPM perceived improved research opportunities, faculty networking, and programmatic support to pursue a career in academic surgery. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1934	"Tadesse, T., et al. (2014). """"Satellite-based hybrid drought monitoring tool for prediction of vegetation condition in Eastern Africa: A case study for Ethiopia."""" Water Resources Research 50(3): 2176-2190."""""	" An experimental drought monitoring tool has been developed that predicts the vegetation condition (Vegetation Outlook) using a regression-tree technique at a monthly time step during the growing season in Eastern Africa. This prediction tool (VegOut-Ethiopia) is demonstrated for Ethiopia as a case study. VegOut-Ethiopia predicts the standardized values of the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) at multiple time steps (weeks to months into the future) based on analysis of historical patterns of satellite, climate, and oceanic data over historical records. The model underlying VegOut-Ethiopia capitalizes on historical climate-vegetation interactions and ocean-climate teleconnections (such as El Nino and the Southern Oscillation (ENSO)) expressed over the 24 year data record and also considers several environmental characteristics (e.g., land cover and elevation) that influence vegetation's response to weather conditions to produce 8 km maps that depict future general vegetation conditions. VegOut-Ethiopia could provide vegetation monitoring capabilities at local, national, and regional levels that can complement more traditional remote sensing-based approaches that monitor current vegetation conditions. The preliminary results of this case study showed that the models were able to predict the vegetation stress (both spatial extent and severity) in drought years 1-3 months ahead during the growing season in Ethiopia. The correlation coefficients between the predicted and satellite-observed vegetation condition range from 0.50 to 0.90. Based on the lessons learned from past research activities and emerging experimental forecast models, future studies are recommended that could help Eastern Africa in advancing knowledge of climate, remote sensing, hydrology, and water resources. Key Points <list list-type=""bulleted""""> Developed new satellite-based prediction model called VegOut-Ethiopia Demonstrated application of VegOut-Ethiopia model to a recent drought year Highlighted future research opportunities under evolving climate conditions"""""
NaN		1935	"Takahashi, O., et al. (2009). """"Residents’ experience of scholarly activities is associated with higher satisfaction with residency training."""" Journal of General Internal Medicine 24(6): 716-720."""""	" Background: The Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare of Japan has been promoting participation in scholarly activities for physicians during residency training. However, there is debate regarding whether this is worthwhile for residents. Objective: To evaluate residents’ opinions of engaging in scholarly activities and identify factors associated with overall satisfaction with their training program. Design: Cross-sectional national survey. Participants: 1,124 second-year residents in teaching hospitals in Japan in 2007. Measurements: Collected data included demographics, teaching hospital characteristics and resources, residents’ research experiences, including type of activities, barriers to performing scholarly activities, residents’ opinions of scholarly requirements, and resident satisfaction with their residency program. Results: 1,124 residents/1,500 responded for a response rate of 74.9%. Our data showed that 60.2% of Japanese residents engaged in some type of scholarly activity. Barriers included: 'No resident time'  'No mentor ' and 'No resident interest.' Sixty-three percent of residents thought that research should be a residency requirement. In multivariate logistic analysis, residents’ overall satisfaction with their residency program was significantly associated with participation in research activity (odds ratio (OR), 1.5  95% confidence interval (CI), 1.1–2.1)  male gender (OR, 1.5  95% CI: 1.1–2.2)  satisfaction with residency compensation (OR, 3.8  95% CI, 2.6–5.0), and satisfaction with the residency curriculum (OR, 19.5  95% CI, 13.7–27.7). Conclusions: The majority of residents surveyed thought that research activity was worthwhile. Residents’ participation in research activity was associated with higher levels of satisfaction with residency training. Implementing measures to overcome existing barriers may have educational benefits for residents. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1936	"Tal, T. and A. Abramovitch (2013). """"Activity and Action: Bridging Environmental Sciences and Environmental Education."""" Research in Science Education 43(4): 1665-1687."""""	" The main goal of this study was to examine the Environmental Workshop unit taught to Environmental Sciences majors in the high schools in Israel and learn if, and in what ways, this unit could become a model for environmental education throughout the high school curriculum. We studied the special characteristics of the Environmental Workshop (EW) unit, which is based on inquiry-based learning that takes place in and out of school, and includes an environmental action component as well. We describe three approaches to the EW we identified. After identifying teachers' challenges in assessing their students, in addition to the phenomenographic study, we suggest and demonstrate assessing the EW students by relevant socio-scientific issues. Finally, we argue that the EW could be incorporated in the junior as well as the high school curriculum as a coherent unit that is in line with environmental education in its broader sense."""
NaN		1937	"Tamaru, C., et al. (2014). """"Exploring larval development and applications in marine fish aquaculture using pink snapper embryos."""" Journal of Biological Education 48(4): 231-241."""""	" This biology investigation on Pristipomoides filamentosus larval development, survival, and aquaculture research was developed with three educational objectives: to provide high school students with (1) a scientific background on the biology and science of fisheries as well as overfishing, its consequences, and possible mitigations  (2) exposure to field and laboratory techniques in marine science  and (3) practical skills in scientific inquiry and investigation. We teach this investigation at the Hawaii Institute of Marine Biology, where we have access to captive broodstock of the pink snapper, P. filamentosus. During this investigation students follow several steps scientists take to study aquaculture: collecting spawn from outdoor fish pens, quantifying the number of eggs, determining the percentage of fertilisation, and estimating the time of spawning and hatching. Additionally, students perform hypothesis-driven science activities with the embryos to test the effects of water quality on their development and survival. In this paper we discuss background information of aquaculture, specifically of P. filamentosus, and thoroughly describe the several components of delivering the investigation. Lastly, we provide possible outcomes of students' performances in the laboratory activities, and discuss how effectively the exercise met its educational objectives."""
NaN		1938	"Tang, C. and X. Ding (2014). """"Graduate students’ creative professional virtual community behaviors and their creativity."""" Computers in Human Behavior 41: 464-470."""""	" With the development of internet technology, professional virtual community (PVC) is becoming the valuable external knowledge source for graduate students. Students search information and knowledge in specific domain, share research experiences and weave their social network in these professional virtual communities (PVCs). How to use PVC to increase graduate students’ creativity should be an important researching issue. Although students’ online behaviors have got researchers’ attention, students’ PVC behaviors and their impacts on creativity keeps less comprehensively understood. The empirically analysis of totally 930 graduate students in this study turns out that graduate students’ PVC behaviors include 17 categories which then are clustered into three dimensions: Knowledge & Networking Behavior, Behave Manner and Interactivity. To test their impacts on graduate students’ creativity, the regression results demonstrate that after controlling students’ intrinsic motivation and creative self-efficacy, Knowledge & Network Behavior and Behavior Manner both significantly predict students’ creativity. However Interactivity does not affect students’ creativity. Implications and future research are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1939	"Tang, C. Y. and X. C. Ding (2014). """"Graduate students' creative professional virtual community behaviors and their creativity."""" Computers in Human Behavior 41: 464-470."""""	" With the development of internet technology, professional virtual community (PVC) is becoming the valuable external knowledge source for graduate students. Students search information and knowledge in specific domain, share research experiences and weave their social network in these professional virtual communities (PVCs). How to use PVC to increase graduate students' creativity should be an important researching issue. Although students' online behaviors have got researchers' attention, students' PVC behaviors and their impacts on creativity keeps less comprehensively understood. The empirically analysis of totally 930 graduate students in this study turns out that graduate students' PVC behaviors include 17 categories which then are clustered into three dimensions: Knowledge & Networking Behavior, Behave Manner and Interactivity. To test their impacts on graduate students' creativity, the regression results demonstrate that after controlling students' intrinsic motivation and creative self-efficacy, Knowledge & Network Behavior and Behavior Manner both significantly predict students' creativity. However Interactivity does not affect students' creativity. Implications and future research are discussed. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1940	Tang, Z. H. and G. Edwalds-Gilbert (2016). Nucleic Acid and Protein Sample Preparation from Yeasts. Sample Preparation Techniques for Soil, Plant, and Animal Samples. M. Micic: 285-305.	" The budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae and the fission yeast Schizosaccharomyces pombe, as unicellular eukaryotes, are popular model systems. They have greatly contributed to our understanding about biological principles of complex organisms. Although the two yeasts differ from one another in a range of features, both are genetically tractable, amenable to classical, molecular genetics, and genomic-scale analyses. S. cerevisiae and S. pombe are ideal experimental systems for undergraduates learning about genetics and molecular and cell biology in laboratory course settings, as well as in research environments, because of their non-pathogenic nature, rapid reproduction cycles and suitability for diverse approaches and different types of courses. Both yeasts offer the opportunity for students to pursue inquiry-based learning. To facilitate students gaining knowledge in the laboratory, this chapter provides a guide for carrying out frequently used procedures for DNA isolation, RNA extraction, and protein lysate preparation from both S. cerevisiae and S. pombe yeast cells. Aimed at students learning through performing the experiments, each protocol also includes a brief explanation about relevant molecular concepts underlining the methods described, along with step-wise instructions."""
NaN		1941	"Tan-Wilson, A. and N. Stamp (2015). """"College Students' Views of Work-Life Balance in STEM Research Careers: Addressing Negative Preconceptions."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 14(3): 15."""""	" In career discussions, female undergraduates said that if they were to attend graduate school in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) and were to follow a career based on their research training, they would have to give up having a family. A subsequent survey showed that many students, both men and women, thought work-life balance would be more difficult to achieve in a STEM research path than in other professions they were considering. Their views of STEM research being less family-friendly were more pronounced on issues of parental leaves and caring for children than finding a spouse/partner and landing two jobs in the same locality. To provide role models of work-life balance in STEM professions, we convened panels of dual-career couples who described how they worked together to raise their children while advancing their scientific careers. Our selection of panelists and topics of discussion were based on findings of social science research on work-life balance. On a survey with the same questions administered afterward, the changes in paired responses of male and female students with respect to all four issues showed a significant shift toward thinking that a research-based STEM career would be no more difficult than other careers they were considering."""
NaN		1942	"Tapp, J., et al. (2016). """"Essential elements of treatment and care in high secure forensic inpatient services: An expert consensus study."""" Journal of Forensic Practice 18(3): 189-203."""""	" Purpose: The evidence base for what works with forensic patients in high-security inpatient settings has typically focused on outcome research and not included clinical expertise from practice-based experience, which is an important facet of evidence-based practice. The purpose of this paper is to establish whether experts with clinical and/or research experience in this setting could reach consensus on elements of high-security hospital services that would be essential to the rehabilitation of forensic patients. Design/methodology/approach: A three-round Delphi survey was conducted to achieve this aim. Experts were invited to rate agreement with elements of practice and interventions derived from existing research evidence and patient perspectives on what worked. Experts were also invited to propose elements of hospital treatment based on their individual knowledge and experience. Findings: In the first round 54 experts reached consensus on 27 (out of 39) elements that included physical (e.g. use of CCTV), procedural (e.g. managing restricted items) and relational practices (e.g. promoting therapeutic alliances), and to a lesser extent-specific medical, psychological and social interventions. In total, 16 additional elements were also proposed by experts. In round 2 experts (n = 45) were unable to reach a consensus on how essential each of the described practices were. In round 3 (n = 35), where group consensus feedback from round 2 was provided, consensus was still not reached. Research limitations/implications: Patient case complexity, interventions with overlapping outcomes and a chequered evidence base history for this population are offered as explanations for this finding alongside limitations with the Delphi method. Practical implications: Based on the consensus for essential elements derived from research evidence and patient experience, high-secure hospital services might consider those practices and interventions that experts agreed were therapeutic options for reducing risk of offending, improving interpersonal skills and therapeutic interactions with patients, and mental health restoration. Originality/value: The study triangulates what works research evidence from this type of forensic setting and is the first to use a Delphi survey in an attempt to collate this information. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1943	"Taramopoulos, A. and D. Psillos (2017). """"Complex phenomena understanding in electricity through dynamically linked concrete and abstract representations."""" Journal of Computer Assisted Learning."""""	" The present study investigates the impact of utilizing virtual laboratory environments combining dynamically linked concrete and abstract representations in investigative activities on the ability of students to comprehend simple and complex phenomena in the field of electric circuits. Forty‐two 16‐ to 17‐year‐old high school students participated in a guided‐inquiry‐based teaching intervention utilizing a virtual laboratory environment and were assigned to three conditions: functional dynamically linked concrete and abstract representations of objects (CA approach), functional concrete representations of objects alone (C approach) and functional abstract representations of objects alone (A approach). All conditions used the same instructor, instructional method and materials. A pretest–post‐test scheme was used to assess the students' conceptual evolution. A repeated measures multivariate analysis of variance of the results indicates that after instruction all groups show a similar significant improvement in comprehending simple phenomena in electric circuits. However, for complex phenomena, the CA approach significantly outperforms the other two. It seems, therefore, that in the field of electric circuits, investigative activities utilizing virtual laboratory environments with dynamically linked concrete and abstract representations of objects may foster enhanced understanding of phenomena with a high degree of complexity for high school students. Lay Description Section 1: What is currently known about the subject The representations used in learning environments influence the students' acquisition of knowledge. Utilization of dynamically linked concrete and abstract representations of concrete objects increases undergraduate (freshman) student understanding of conceptually rich and complex phenomena in optics. Primary school pupils are influenced differently than college students by multiple representations in the learning environment and benefit more by using a certain representation consistently in electric circuits. Section 2: What this paper adds to the subject Studies the impact of dynamically linked concrete and abstract representations in open virtual laboratory learning environments in direct current (DC) electric circuits utilized in guided‐inquiry‐based teaching to secondary school student conceptual evolution. Extends the results of other studies to the area of DC electric circuits and the age of high school students, which has not yet been studied. Identifies complexity of tasks as a factor that may differentiate learning outcomes of high school students taught DC electric circuits by inquiry with dynamically linked concrete and abstract representations to students taught with only concrete or only abstract representations. Suggests that teaching electric circuits to high school students by guided inquiry utilizing a virtual laboratory learning environment with dynamically linked concrete and abstract representations may foster deeper understanding of complex phenomena compared with utilizing only concrete or only abstract representations alone. Section 3: Implications of the study findings Virtual learning environments providing users with dynamically linked multiple representations of objects and phenomena may support enhanced understanding of complex phenomena when utilized in guided‐inquiry‐based teaching. High school students behave more like college students instead of primary school pupils when multiple representations are used during inquiry‐based teaching with virtual laboratory learning environments. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1944	"Tatar, E. (2011). """"The effect of guided inquiry and open inquiry methods on teacher candidates' science process skills."""" Energy Education Science and Technology Part B-Social and Educational Studies 3(4): 669-680."""""	" This study aimed to compare the effects of guided inquiry and open inquiry methods on teacher candidates' science process skills. The study sampling comprises 49 teacher candidates training in the second year of the Faculty of Education at a state university in Turkey. All of them study scientific research methods with the same teacher. Within the scope of the scientific research methods course, guided inquiry method was applied to one of the classes (25) chosen at random, while open inquiry method was applied to the other class (24) over a total of 10 weeks. Science Process Skills Test was applied as pre-test and post-test to both classes in order to compare the effects of the methods used to evaluate the acquisition of science process skills. In addition, the teacher candidates were asked to prepare research reports related to their studies. Furthermore, teacher candidates were asked open-ended questions to solicit their opinions about the methodology, and their written answers were taken. Analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) and independent t-test were used in order to analyze quantitative data of the study. Content analysis was used for the analysis of qualitative data. Analysis results indicated that guided inquiry method more effectively developed teacher candidates' science process skills test (F-(1,F-46)=4.403, p<0.05) and averages of the points they obtained from their research reports (t=3.08, p<0.05) in comparison to open inquiry method. Teacher candidates' opinions about open inquiry method were found to be more positive when compared with their opinions about guided inquiry."""
NaN		1945	"Tax, S. S., et al. (2013). """"The service delivery network (SDN): A customer-centric perspective of the customer journey."""" Journal of Service Research 16(4): 454-470."""""	" In this article, we introduce the concept of the service delivery network (SDN) defined as two or more organizations that, in the eyes of the customer, are responsible for the provision of a connected overall service experience. This responds to calls for frameworks recognizing that dyadic service encounters are embedded in the series of experiences customers have with complementary providers as part of the journey to achieve their desired goals. Adopting an SDN perspective presents a dramatically different set of challenges for managers and provides research opportunities challenging the current view of established service concepts. Managers must recognize that to better serve the customer they need to understand the role that they play in the customer-defined service journey and be prepared to coordinate their activities with complementary providers. Participating in helping build and manage the SDN for the customer, or understanding how they fit into customer’s self-designed SDN, becomes a central challenge, often requiring firms to develop a new set of capabilities. The SDN also challenges the way we view many of the core concepts in service research, which are anchored in the dyadic view. This provides considerable opportunity for future inquiry. We present a series of research questions, inspired by the SDN, organized into categories including building cooperative and collaborative networks, customer cocreation, systems thinking, customer relationship management, managing service failure and recovery, building capabilities, and customer-to-customer interactions. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1946	"Taylor, P. and J. Pettit (2007). """"Learning and teaching participation through action research: Experiences from an innovative masters programme."""" Action Research 5(3): 231-247."""""	" In a time of rapid change, when global forces are re-shaping the ability of ordinary people to influence the decisions which affect their lives, social change practitioners are challenged to learn new skills and competences, and to develop their capacities for learning through critical reflection on action. Drawing on two international dialogues, and linking to the authors' perceptions of the fault-lines that underlie some elements of higher education, the article explores learning needs for action researchers who aspire to promote participation as a key element of social change. The article presents the story of an innovative masters teaching programme within which action research is central to the overall learning process. Highlighting key challenges and also some unanticipated learning outcomes in regard to personal inquiry into identity, relationships, positionality and power, the article highlights issues relating to teaching and learning methods of reflective practice, bridging the personal and political and linking individual to systemic change. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1947	"Taylor, R. L. and G. H. Brodowsky (2012). """"Integrating Cross-Cultural Marketing Research Training in International Business Education Programs: It's Time, and Here's Why and How."""" Journal of Teaching in International Business 23(2): 145-172."""""	" International business necessitates that its international business educators prepare today's workforce with skills necessary to take on cross-cultural research tasks and challenges. Yet, global business finds these skills in short supply. Perhaps this is the case because empirical evidence shows U.S. academic coverage of cross-cultural research complexities are severely limited as measured by text coverage. Slightly lagging behind international business and marketing programs located outside the United States in recognizing and acting on this this need, many U.S. programs now seek to enhance cross-cultural coverage. However, empirical evidences show that U.S.-based programs and the textbooks they use are lagging behind in their treatment of cross-cultural marketing research. Coverage in these texts is typically limited to a single chapter that repeats basic research concepts usually covered in principles of marketing courses. This article discusses a customized international marketing research course integrated with training that includes cross-cultural research issues and complexities and provides a framework of criteria useful in selecting an appropriate text. (Contains 5 tables and 1 exhibit.)"""
NaN		1948	"Tebeaux, E. (2008). """"Technical Writing in English Renaissance Shipwrightery: Breaching the Shoals of Orality."""" Journal of Technical Writing and Communication 38(1): 3-25."""""	" Describing the emergence of the first shipbuilding texts, particularly those in English provides another chapter in the story of the emergence of English technical writing. Shipwrightery texts did not appear in English until the middle decades of the seventeenth century because shipwrightery was a closed discourse community which shared knowledge via oral transmission. The shift from orality to textuality in shipwrightery did not occur until advancing navigation principles enabled ships to sail in open waters. Shipping rapidly became a commercial business, and shipwrightery was forced to move from closely-guarded simple design principles to mathematically-based designs too complex to be retained only in memory of shipwrights and shared via oral transmission. Textual transmission began to supplant oral instruction. The evolution of English shipwrightery provides rich research opportunities for historians tracking the development of technical writing."""
NaN		1949	"Tegelberg, A., et al. (2007). """"General practice dentists' knowledge of temporomandibular disorders in children and adolescents."""" European Journal of Dental Education 11(4): 216-221."""""	" Aim: The aim of the study was to map general practice dentists' (GPDs) knowledge of temporomandibular disorders (TMD) in children and adolescents. Materials and methods: A questionnaire was mailed to 286 Swedish dentists in the Public Dental Service and 17 TMD specialists with documented research experience. The questionnaire contained 37 statements on aetiology, diagnostics, classification, chronic pain and pain behaviour, treatment, and prognosis. Each statement was judged on a 0-10 point scale with the endpoint definitions agree or disagree. Results: The overall response rate to the questionnaire was 87%. In 28 of all 37 statements, the TMD specialists endorsed a consensus, i.e. > 75% of the specialists had the same opinion about the statement. TMD specialists differed most in opinion in the domain diagnostics and classification. In 65% of the statements, differences in knowledge between GPDs and TMD specialists were non-significant. The greatest number of significant between-group differences was found in the domain treatment and prognosis. Most of these statements were related to morphological factors. Conclusion: There is a high degree of consensus in TMD knowledge amongst the TMD specialists and a high degree of agreement in knowledge between GPDs and TMD specialists. In some areas, however, TMD specialists still need to reach a consensus which is founded on evidence-based TMD knowledge in children and adolescents and that can be used in undergraduate teaching. It is therefore important to develope and strengthen the undergraduate dental teaching in TMD and orofacial pain."""
NaN		1950	"Tenenbaum, J. M. and J. Shrager (2011). """"Cancer: A Computational Disease That AI Can Cure."""" Ai Magazine 32(2): 14-26."""""	" Cancer kills millions of people each year. From an AI perspective, finding effective treatments for cancer is a high-dimensional search problem characterized by many molecularly distinct cancer subtypes, many potential targets and drug combinations, and a dearth of high-quality data to connect molecular subtypes and treatments to responses. The broadening availability of molecular diagnostics and electronic medical records presents both opportunities and challenges to apply AI techniques to personalize and improve cancer treatment. We discuss these in the context of Cancer Commons, a ""rapid learning"""" community where patients, physicians, and researchers collect and analyze the molecular and clinical data from every cancer patient and use these results to individualize therapies. Research opportunities include adaptively planning and executing individual treatment experiments across the whole patient population, inferring the causal mechanisms of tumors, predicting drug response in individuals, and generalizing these findings to new cases. The goal is to treat each patient in accord with the best available knowledge and to continually update that knowledge to benefit subsequent patients. Achieving this goal is a worthy grand challenge for AI."""""
NaN		1951	"Teo, A. R. (2009). """"The Development of Clinical Research Training: Past History and Current Trends in the United States."""" Academic Medicine 84(4): 433-438."""""	" This article provides a brief account of the history of the development of training opportunities in clinical research in the United States. It highlights some developments in the clinical research enterprise since World War II and focuses examination on the involvement of the U.S. government and academic sector. Clinical research training is a relatively new academic field, and curricula in the design and conduct of clinical research have only emerged since the 1980s. The growing complexity of clinical trials and the emergence of evidence-based medicine in the last several decades created great demand for clinicians with knowledge of clinical epidemiology and biostatistics. Amidst alarm bells rung by physician-scientist leaders about the endangered species of clinical researchers, numerous proposals and solutions emerged to address these workforce and educational problems in the 1990s. Traditionally, physicians wishing to expand their education had to get a master's degree in public health or participate in unique programs such as the Robert Wood Johnson Clinical Scholars Program. Since the 1990s, the National Institutes of Health, through K awards, the Roadmap Initiative, and other funding mechanisms, has furnished tremendous support for the development of clinical research training opportunities from predoctoral immersion programs to degree-granting graduate programs. The author discusses key components of successful clinical research training programs and concludes with empirical recommendations for promoting careers in clinical research."""
NaN		1952	"Teohareva, M. (2011). """"WHAT IS CAPACITY BUILDING?"""" Journal of Environmental Protection and Ecology 12(4): 1804-1807."""""	" Depending on the organisation and objectives, for capacity exist several definitions: the ability of people, organisations and society as a whole to manage their affairs successfully  the ability of people, organisations and society to perform functions, solve problems, and set and achieve objectives in a sustainable manner  capacity building encompasses a country human, scientific, technological, organisational, and institutional resources and capabilities. A fundamental goal of capacity building (CB) is to enhance the abilities of stakeholders to evaluate and address crucial questions related to policy choices and modes of implementation among different options for development. These choices would be based on an understanding of environmental potential and limits and of the needs perceived by the people of the country concerned. Capacity building approach can be based on three complementary and needed elements: infrastructure CB: hardware and software and other technology required to develop, access and use of scientific knowledge, experience and observation techniques  individual (human) CB: education and training of individuals to be aware of, access, use and develop of scientific knowledge, research, experience and hereto-related techniques and data observation  institutional CB: building policies, programs and organisational structures in governments and organisations to enhance the understanding of the value of environmental sciences, experiences, research and hereto-related data and products."""
NaN		1953	"Thakore, B. K., et al. (2014). """"The Academy for Future Science Faculty: randomized controlled trial of theory-driven coaching to shape development and diversity of early-career scientists."""" Bmc Medical Education 14."""""	" Background: Approaches to training biomedical scientists have created a talented research community. However, they have failed to create a professional workforce that includes many racial and ethnic minorities and women in proportion to their representation in the population or in PhD training. This is particularly true at the faculty level. Explanations for the absence of diversity in faculty ranks can be found in social science theories that reveal processes by which individuals develop identities, experiences, and skills required to be seen as legitimate within the profession. Methods/Design: Using the social science theories of Communities of Practice, Social Cognitive Career Theory, identity formation, and cultural capital, we have developed and are testing a novel coaching-based model to address some of the limitations of previous diversity approaches. This coaching intervention (The Academy for Future Science Faculty) includes annual in-person meetings of students and trained faculty Career Coaches, along with ongoing virtual coaching, group meetings and communication. The model is being tested as a randomized controlled trial with two cohorts of biomedical PhD students from across the U. S., one recruited at the start of their PhDs and one nearing completion. Stratification into the experimental and control groups, and to coaching groups within the experimental arms, achieved equal numbers of students by race, ethnicity and gender to the extent possible. A fundamental design element of the Academy is to teach and make visible the social science principles which highly influence scientific advancement, as well as acknowledging the extra challenges faced by underrepresented groups working to be seen as legitimate within the scientific communities. Discussion: The strategy being tested is based upon a novel application of the well-established principles of deploying highly skilled coaches, selected and trained for their ability to develop talents of others. This coaching model is intended to be a complement, rather than a substitute, for traditional mentoring in biomedical research training, and is being tested as such."""
NaN		1954	"Thakur, R. and M. Srivastava (2014). """"Adoption readiness, personal innovativeness, perceived risk and usage intention across customer groups for mobile payment services in India."""" Internet Research 24(3): 369-392."""""	" Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to accomplish two objectives - to test the functional relationship between adoption readiness (AR), perceived risk (PR) and usage intention for mobile payments in India and to investigate the stability of proposed structural relationships across different customer groups. Design/methodology/approach - The literature concerning major attributes of technology acceptance were systematically reviewed to develop construct of AR. Post that a comprehensive model consisting of AR, personal innovativeness and PR was put together. The model was then empirically tested using structural equation modelling. Findings - On appraising the proposed model, five out of six hypotheses were fully supported while one hypothesis was partially supported. Test of invariance showed significant variance among users and non-users. Research limitations/implications - The results of the study may vary with national context, service offerings, regulatory framework and other customer personal variables (i.e. lifestyle) suggesting future research opportunities. Practical implications - The results facilitate the comprehension of the role of different factors on the mobile payments usage intention among customers. In addition, the results expand the knowledge on consumer behaviour towards financial technological innovations. Originality/value - The results expand one's knowledge on this relationship, propounding interesting empirical evidence of the model invariance among different consumer groups."""
NaN		1955	"Theodoridis, P. K. and K. C. Chatzipanagiotou (2009). """"Store image attributes and customer satisfaction across different customer profiles within the supermarket sector in Greece."""" European Journal of Marketing 43(5-6): 708-734."""""	" Purpose: This research seeks to accomplish two objectives: to extend the test of the functional relationship between store image attributes and customer satisfaction in the market environment of Greece  and to investigate the stability of the structural relationships between store image attributes and customer satisfaction across different customer groups. Design/methodology/approach: The literature concerning major store image attributes was systematically reviewed. After assessing the construct validity of the store image attributes based on confirmatory factor analysis, a path model specifying the relationships between store image attributes and customer satisfaction was estimated. A multigroup analysis was conducted to test the invariance of structural paths between store image attributes and customer satisfaction for different customer profiles. Findings: On appraising the store customer’s personal variables four specific types of buyers, namely, the Typical, the Unstable, the Social, and the Occasional, were identified. While four of the six considered store attributes appear to be significant determinants of customer satisfaction, when examined for the degree of invariance between the four groups only Pricing and Products-related attributes were equally significant in all four groups. Research limitations/implications: The results of the study may vary with national context, size, strategic position of supermarkets, and other customer personal variables (i.e. lifestyle) suggesting future research opportunities. Practical implications: The results facilitate the comprehension of the role that specific store attributes have on the satisfaction of store visitors with different profiles. In addition, the results expand the retail manager’s knowledge on consumer behaviour, with rational motives (product and price-related). Originality/value: The results expand one’s knowledge on this relationship, propounding interesting empirical evidence of the model invariance among different consumer profiles. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1956	"Thiry, H., et al. (2012). """"The Benefits of Multi-Year Research Experiences: Differences in Novice and Experienced Students' Reported Gains from Undergraduate Research."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 11(3): 260-272."""""	" This mixed-methods study explores differences in novice and experienced undergraduate students' perceptions of their cognitive, personal, and professional gains from engaging in scientific research. The study was conducted in four different undergraduate research (UR) programs at two research-extensive universities  three of these programs had a focus on the biosciences. Seventy-three entry-level and experienced student researchers participated in in-depth, semi-structured interviews and completed the quantitative Undergraduate Research Student Self-Assessment (URSSA) instrument. Interviews and surveys assessed students' developmental outcomes from engaging in UR. Experienced students reported distinct personal, professional, and cognitive outcomes relative to their novice peers, including a more sophisticated understanding of the process of scientific research. Students also described the trajectories by which they developed not only the intellectual skills necessary to advance in science, but also the behaviors and temperament necessary to be a scientist. The findings suggest that students benefit from multi-year UR experiences. Implications for UR program design, advising practices, and funding structures are discussed. (Contains 12 tables.)"""
NaN		1957	"Thomas, R. and A. D. Herschell (2013). """"Parent-child interaction therapy: A manualized intervention for the therapeutic child welfare sector."""" Child Abuse & Neglect 37(8): 578-584."""""	" Children who have experienced maltreatment can often display behavioral difficulties  their parents may lack disciplinary knowledge, be less sensitive to their children, and engage in coercive parenting practices. Parent child interaction therapy (PCIT) is a well-known, evidence-based treatment (EBT) for child behavior problems and within the last decade has garnered significant evidence to suggest its utility for parents engaged in child maltreatment. This article uses a case example to describe PCIT treatment phases and PCIT research within the child maltreatment sector is synthesized with particular focus on treatment modifications. Successful augmentations and modifications include a motivation component, keeping therapeutic time shorter rather than longer, and whether to incorporate individual counseling and in-home PCIT are also considered. Practical strategies from both a therapeutic and research experience are discussed. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1958	"Thomas, R. W., et al. (2011). """"Assessing the managerial relevance of contemporary supply chain management research."""" International Journal of Physical Distribution & Logistics Management 41(7): 655-667."""""	" Purpose - Discussions about the managerial relevance of scholarly research have been taking place for decades and the topic continues to be a source of debate in a number of business disciplines. The purpose of this paper is to make an initial attempt to empirically assess the relevance of supply chain management research. Design/methodology/approach - Qualitative methods were utilized to provide some initial evidence that can help validate or refute assumptions about perceived relevance in contemporary supply chain management research. Findings - Findings of this research indicate that the most impactful supply chain management issues for managers are internal supply chain organizational structure, communication and information exchange, information technology, forecasting and sales and operations planning, and strategic leadership. Some of these managerial is,Sues appear to be well aligned with recent research trends, but other issues are not frequently researched. Research limitations/implications - Future research opportunities are identified based on managerial feedback. Results of this study also suggest that a broader view of supply chain management may be appropriate if researchers want to be managerially relevant. Practical implications - This research potentially highlights opportunities for firms to gain a competitive advantage via their approach to supply chain management. Originality/value - This research utilizes a unique approach to assess managerially relevant topics through a ""magic wand"""" interviewing technique (i.e. """"If we gave you a magic wand and granted you. just one wish, what would you wish for to improve your supply chain?"""")."""""
NaN		1959	"Thomas, Y., et al. (2011). """"Occupational therapy at the ‘cultural interface’: Lessons from research with Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Australians."""" Australian Occupational Therapy Journal 58(1): 11-16."""""	" Background: In 2008, the Council of Australian Governments announced its goals to improve Indigenous life expectancy, health, education and employment: 'Closing the Gap' (Commonwealth of Australia, 2008). Internationally, occupational therapists seek to promote social justice and human rights through occupation. Despite this effort, Australian occupational therapists have largely remained silent in response to the national agenda of closing the gap in Indigenous health. Methods: This article identifies the challenges of research and practice at the 'cultural interface', the juncture where Western knowledge meets the Indigenous knowledge of our clients. The article draws on the first author's research experience with Indigenous peoples. Through a process of reflection on the challenges highlighted by research at the cultural interface, this article identifies a range of professional processes used to negotiate differing and conflicting perspectives. Results: By comparing the research context with occupational therapy practice, the author identifies some of the actions and supports that can be used by occupational therapists to provide culturally appropriate and negotiated interventions with Indigenous people. Conclusions: Although a number of individual occupational therapists work with Indigenous communities and individuals to improve the services offered, it is suggested that the occupational therapy profession needs to work together towards closing the gap. The development of special interest groups, professional networks and a National Position Statement on Indigenous Health would provide the background to developing guidelines for practice with Indigenous clients. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1960	"Thompson, E. A. (2013). """"Interdisciplinary research training in substance abuse and addictions."""" Journal of Addictions Nursing 24(1): 39-44."""""	" Considerable evidence shows that the management of complex problems of and related to substance abuse and addictions require comprehensive approaches based on solid research. Nonetheless, timely and widespread dissemination of research findings remains uncommon, hindering nursing practice, impeding the health of individuals and families, and imposing untoward costs for society. Shifts in science paradigms underscore the need for efficient and effective interdisciplinary research teams to carry out innovative research within a translational science framework. This means that early career investigators will need the knowledge and skills to conduct research as part of an interdisciplinary team and to contribute systematically to translational research in the area of substance abuse and addictions. This brief report describes a nursing research training program sponsored by the National Institute on Drug Abuse that evolved into an interdisciplinary program administrated within a school of nursing. Factors conducive to program development are described, along with the structure and elements of the program and examples of the scholars’ projects and accomplishments. The common benefits of interdisciplinary research training for both predoctoral and postdoctoral research scholars include consistent exposure to new and alternative scientific models and methodological approaches as well as endurance of cross-discipline network connections. Benefits and challenges of this program carry implications for the design of future nursing research training programs in the field of substance abuse and addictions. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1961	"Thompson, G. B. and J. W. Lathey (2013). """"An Integrated Model of Information Literacy, Based upon Domain Learning."""" Information Research: An International Electronic Journal 18(3): 14."""""	" Introduction. Grounded in Alexander's model of domain learning, this study presents an integrated micro-model of information literacy. It is predicated upon the central importance of domain learning for the development of the requisite research skills by students. Method. The authors reviewed previous models of information literacy and inquiry-based learning to create a new model. A systematic review of research studies from cognitive development, learning theory and information science literature was conducted to demonstrate how domain learning provides the requisite knowledge and interest for students to apply the concepts and skills of information literacy. Results. Novices and experts exhibit marked differences in their information gathering and online searching capabilities and strategies based on their levels of domain knowledge and interest. Conclusions. The integrated information literacy model and research findings show how librarians and college faculty can collaborate in new partnerships to strengthen disciplinary information literacy in undergraduate curricula. Specific recommendations are given for how teaching techniques can be improved to enhance the development of information literacy skills for online searching and information evaluation and to foster greater domain learning. [This paper was published as part of Proceedings of the Eighth International Conference on Conceptions of Library and Information Science, Copenhagen, Denmark, 19-22 August, 2013]"""
NaN		1962	Thompson, H. J. (2015). Impact of Energy Balance on Chemically Induced Mammary Carcinogenesis in a Rat.	" Energy balance quantifies the amount of energy available to an organism, i.e., its energy exposure over any timeframe of interest. This chapter examines how energy availability impacts the carcinogenic response in a well-defined animal model for breast cancer with demonstrated relevance to the human disease. When animals are in positive energy balance, there is a direct association between the carcinogenic response and energy availability across a broad range of energy inputs. Both host systemic and cell autonomous processes are implicated in accounting for these effects. At the cellular level, the interplay between cell proliferation and apoptosis appears to dictate the rate of tumor mass accumulation with the integration of internal and external inputs regarding energy availability via the signaling network of which the mammalian target of rapamycin is a component. Gaps in the existing knowledge and research opportunities are identified, and new paradigms are presented with the goal of stimulating debate and discussion that will advance the field."""
NaN		1963	"Thompson, J., et al. (2015). """"Problems without Ceilings: How Mentors and Novices Frame and Work on Problems-of-Practice."""" Journal of Teacher Education 66(4): 363-381."""""	" Support for new forms of teaching expertise with rigorous and equitable outcomes for student learning is a particular challenge when communities of actors working together do not share a similar language or vision of teaching practice. For this project, we coordinated activities in and outside of secondary science classrooms for cooperating teachers (CTs) and their preservice teachers (PSTs) to inquire into a set of research-based teaching practices and tools. Using frame analysis, we contrast three problems-of-practice addressed by 23 dyads: problems of developing novice teachers, problems of improving teaching, and problems of improving student learning. The last frame, improving student learning, required actors to share and co-create knowledge with members outside of their dyads. To do this, groups of dyads formed new or repurposed existing social networks to share tools and work on problems ""without ceilings,"""" meaning those that fueled ongoing lines of inquiry. We describe ways in which knowledge became shared, actors assumed new roles, and new types of tools, activities, and forms of discourse emerged for contextualizing collective work. This study suggests a need for a systems-level approach to teacher education that focuses on institutional networks of shared tools, practices, and deliberate socioprofessional routines for improving practice."""""
NaN		1964	"Thompson, L. C., et al. (2014). """"An Organization for Academic Specialists The Time Has Come."""" Obstetrics and Gynecology 124(1): 139-142."""""	" The Society for Academic Specialists in General Obstetrics and Gynecology was recently formed to meet the professional needs of general obstetrician-gynecologists (ob-gyns) in academic settings. Historically there has been little communication and poor networking among this group, largely as a result of lack of infrastructure. Until the Society for Academic Specialists in General Obstetrics and Gynecology, there has been no common venue to unite academic specialists nor a means to identify colleagues and develop professional relationships. The Society is creating avenues for communication and collaboration among general ob-gyn faculty across institutions. The Society for Academic Specialists in General Obstetrics and Gynecology is hosting national meetings, conducting workshops and webinars, and developing other media to promote research training, share administrative skills, and help members to become more effective educators. One major focus of the new organization is to provide resources to facilitate faculty development. Formation of the Society for Academic Specialists in General Obstetrics and Gynecology is particularly timely given that ob-gyns, without subspecialty fellowship training, have assumed major roles in academic departments. Their contribution to educational, scholarly, and clinical responsibilities is a significant benefit to the well-being of the departments of obstetrics and gynecology. In turn, the role of educator and scholar is of value to the general academic ob-gyn. The Society for Academic Specialists in General Obstetrics and Gynecology will help academic faculty and their institutions by filling current gaps in professional and career development, which should improve scholarship, enhance retention, and improve the ability for academic departments to fulfill their educational and clinical missions."""
NaN		1965	"Thune, T. (2010). """"The Training of """"Triple Helix Workers""""? Doctoral Students in University-Industry-Government Collaborations."""" Minerva: A Review of Science, Learning and Policy 48(4): 463-483."""""	" Changes in knowledge production, increasing interaction between government, universities and industry, and changes in labor markets for doctoral degree holders are forces that have spurred a debate about the organization of doctoral education and the competencies graduates need to master to work as scientists and researchers in a triple helix research context. Recent policy also has supported a redefinition of researcher training with increasing focus on broader skills and relevance for careers outside the university sector. Consequently, it is pertinent to investigate current changes in doctoral education and researcher training. Particularly further knowledge about university-industry collaboration as a context for researcher training is required. With this in mind, this study provides empirical illustrations of how research training carried out in collaborative research contexts is experienced by doctoral students, and offers some insight into antecedent and process factors that are central in shaping PhD students' research and training experience in collaborative research contexts. Based on the empirical data and a review of existing literature, suggestions for further research are made."""
NaN		1966	"Timko, C., et al. (2012). """"Al-anon family groups: Origins, conceptual basis, outcomes, and research opportunities."""" Journal of Groups in Addiction & Recovery 7(2-4): 279-296."""""	" Al-Anon Family Groups, commonly known as Al-Anon, is a mutual-help organization for relatives and friends of people misusing alcohol and other substances. We first summarize Al-Anon's history and current membership and then describe its theoretical basis and helping approach. We review evidence for Al-Anon's active ingredients and outcomes and present a conceptual model to guide future research. Research opportunities include understanding Al-Anon newcomers, specifying Al-Anon's active ingredients, and examining potential synergistic influences between Al-Anon participation and identified substance misusers' participation in mutual-help groups such as Alcoholics Anonymous.We suggest that mutual-help and professional communities work together to facilitate early participation in Al-Anon by shortening the time between problem recognition and seeking help from the fellowship. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1967	"Tofel-Grehl, C. and C. M. Callahan (2017). """"STEM High Schools Teachers' Belief Regarding STEM Student Giftedness."""" Gifted Child Quarterly 61(1): 40-51."""""	" Teachers' beliefs about students influence many of the decisions they make in the classroom. While much work has been done exploring teachers' beliefs as they relate to the nomination of students for gifted programs, little work has yet explored the ways in which teachers' beliefs about student giftedness possibly affect instructional decisions. In this article, within the context of specialized STEM schools, the beliefs of teachers as related to their students' giftedness and ability are explored. Findings indicated that teachers believe their students to be gifted regardless of designation. Teachers articulated beliefs around the type of learning opportunities gifted students need as well as the amount of work required to stimulate these students. Specifically, teachers stated that gifted students flourish under heavy workloads with intense amounts of independent and inquiry-based learning. Students were also queried to determine their own perceptions of these instructional practices on their learning and daily lives."""
NaN		1968	"Togia, A., et al. (2015). """"Teachers' views of information literacy practices in secondary education: A qualitative study in the Greek educational setting."""" Journal of Librarianship and Information Science 47(3): 226-241."""""	" The aim of the paper is to explore the perceptions of secondary education teachers in Greece about their students' information literacy skills and to investigate whether teachers have incorporated some form of information literacy instruction into their teaching to help students familiarize themselves with the research process. Qualitative methods of data collection and analysis were used, as the study sought to illuminate individuals' opinions and understanding of the meanings and values of information literacy, not quantification of responses. The primary method of data collection was semi-structured interviews. The transcripts were analysed thematically using the Atlas.ti software package. The study revealed that information literacy skills are developed in the school context chiefly by the assignment of school work or research projects. Almost all teachers were very critical of students' information skills, but they were not fully aware of how to teach information skills, and the most common way of teaching information literacy was giving advice about specific sources. They appreciated the need to prepare information literate students but they reported various problems in their effort to apply research-based teaching. The paper provides an empirically based, enhanced understanding of students' information literacy competencies from the teachers' point of view. It also raises the issues of the content, structure and organization of information literacy experiences offered in the context of secondary education, from the teachers' perspective."""
NaN		1969	"Tomasiewicz, H. G., et al. (2014). """"Zebrafish as a Model System for Environmental Health Studies in the Grade 9-12 Classroom."""" Zebrafish 11(4): 384-395."""""	" Developing zebrafish embryos were used as a model system for high school students to conduct scientific investigations that reveal features of normal development and to test how different environmental toxicants impact the developmental process. The primary goal of the module was to engage students from a wide range of socio-economic backgrounds, with particular focus on underserved inner-city high schools, in inquiry-based learning and hands-on experimentation. In addition, the module served as a platform for both teachers and students to design additional inquiry-based experiments. In this module, students spawned adult zebrafish to generate developing embryos, exposed the embryos to various toxicants, then gathered, and analyzed data obtained from control and experimental embryos. The module provided a flexible, experimental framework for students to test the effects of numerous environmental toxicants, such as ethanol, caffeine, and nicotine, on the development of a model vertebrate organism. Students also observed the effects of dose on experimental outcomes. From observations of the effects of the chemical agents on vertebrate embryos, students drew conclusions on how these chemicals could impact human development and health. Results of pre-tests and post-tests completed by participating students indicate statistically significant changes in awareness of the impact of environmental agents on fish and human beings In addition, the program's evaluator concluded that participation in the module resulted in significant changes in the attitude of students and teachers toward science in general and environmental health in particular."""
NaN		1970	"Tomasik, J. H., et al. (2013). """"Development and Preliminary Impacts of the Implementation of an Authentic Research-Based Experiment in General Chemistry."""" Journal of Chemical Education 90(9): 1155-1161."""""	" Incorporating research-based lab activities into general chemistry at a large university can be challenging, considering the high enrollments and costs typically associated with the courses. Performing sweeping curricular overhauls of the general chemistry laboratory can be difficult, and in some cases discouraged, as many would rather maintain the status quo. This paper describes the development, implementation, and evaluation of a research-based lab that fits into a two-hour general chemistry laboratory period. The new lab involves testing an imprinted polymer for removal of heavy-metal ions in wastewater, and both highlights and adds to the current research of a faculty member. Also discussed are the evaluation results of the first three years of implementation in the honors general chemistry lab section. A lab questionnaire was developed to measure effects on students on seven aspects, including learning gains, attitudes toward chemistry, and level of research interest. Evaluation results suggest positive impacts on attitudes toward chemistry and for seeking further research opportunities. This approach can be used as an initial step toward more sweeping research-based curricular changes at the general chemistry level."""
NaN		1971	"Tomasik, J. H., et al. (2014). """"Island Explorations: Discovering Effects of Environmental Research-Based Lab Activities on Analytical Chemistry Students."""" Journal of Chemical Education 91(11): 1887-1894."""""	" Motivating students in analytical chemistry can be challenging, in part because of the complexity and breadth of topics involved. Some methods that help encourage students and convey real-world relevancy of the material include incorporating environmental issues, research-based lab experiments, and service learning projects. In this paper, we describe an approach that combines all three of these methods by integrating environmental research-based activities into the second-year undergraduate analytical chemistry course. We discuss the development, implementation, and preliminary evaluation of the research-based labs employed during the new summer analytical chemistry course. Students perform environmental investigations of sites on Beaver Island, Michigan, and prepare reports to contribute to an ongoing research project analyzing these locations that began in the 1970s. Preliminary impacts on analytical students were examined using pre- and postsurveys, including the Chemistry Attitudes and Experiences Questionnaire, and a new survey and questionnaires developed for this work. Responses and grades were compared across three summers, and to those from students in the traditional analytical course. Results suggest that the research-based activities positively impacted aspects of student attitudes, their perceptions of how chemistry knowledge influences understanding of environment issues, and their perceptions of how analytical techniques are applied in the real-world. Students indicated that the new labs provided real-world applications of class content, helped them learn new concepts and gain skills working with others, and helped them feel more confident conducting chemistry-related experiments."""
NaN		1972	"Tomaszewski, R. (2016). """"The Concept of the Imploded Boolean Search: A Case Study with Undergraduate Chemistry Students."""" Journal of Chemical Education 93(3): 527-533."""""	" Critical thinking and analytical problem-solving skills in research involves using different search strategies. A proposed concept for an ""Imploded Boolean Search"""" combines three unique identifiable field types to perform a search: keyword(s), numerical value(s), and a chemical structure or reaction. The object of this type of search is to help refine, narrow, and speed the searching process for finding relevant information, which would otherwise yield humanly unmanageable result sets. This search strategy is introduced to third year chemistry students in an information literacy workshop using SciFinder, Reaxys, and Web of Science Structure Search. The aim of the workshop is to help students develop hands-on familiarity on the use of chemistry databases and search strategies for scientific information retrieval. The """"Imploded Boolean Search"""" adds a new skill set to a student's arsenal of search strategies. A survey and training exercise are used to assess the workshop."""""
NaN		1973	"Tompkins, K. A., et al. (2016). """"The Relationship Between Clients’ Depression Etiological Beliefs and Psychotherapy Orientation Preferences, Expectations, and Credibility Beliefs."""" Psychotherapy."""""	" The purpose of this study was to examine the relationship between clients’ etiological beliefs for depression and treatment preferences, credibility beliefs, and outcome expectations for five different depression treatments—behavioral activation, cognitive therapy, interpersonal psychotherapy, pharmacotherapy, and psychodynamic psychotherapy. Adult psychotherapy clients (N = 98) were asked to complete an online survey that included the Reasons for Depression Questionnaire, a brief description of each of the five treatment options, and credibility, expectancy, and preference questions for each option. On average, the participating clients rated pharmacotherapy as significantly less credible, having a lower likelihood of success, and being less preferred than the four types of psychotherapy. In general, interpersonal psychotherapy was also rated more negatively than the other types of psychotherapy. However, these findings depended somewhat on whether the participating client was personally experiencing depression. Credibility beliefs, outcome expectations, and preferences for pharmacotherapy were positively associated with biological beliefs for depression  however, the other hypothesized relationships between etiological beliefs and treatment attitudes were not supported. Although the study is limited based on the specific sample and treatment descriptions that were used, the results may still have implications for psychotherapy research, training, and practice. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1974	"Ton, T. G. N., et al. (2015). """"The Development and Implementation of a Competency-Based Curriculum for Training in Global Health Research."""" American Journal of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene 92(1): 163-171."""""	" The Fogarty International Center (FTC) Global Health Fellows Program provides trainees with the opportunity to develop research skills through a mentored research experience, increase their content expertise, and better understand trends in global health research, funding organizations, and pathways to generate support. The Northern Pacific Global Health Fellows Research and Training Consortium, which hosts one of the FTC Global Health Programs, sought to enhance research training by developing, implementing, and evaluating a competency-based curriculum that uses a modular, asynchronous, web-based format. The curriculum has 8 core competencies, 36 learning objectives, and 58 assignments. Nineteen trainees completed their 11-month fellowship, engaged in the curriculum, and provided pre- and post-fellowship self-assessments. Self-assessed scores significantly improved for all competencies. Trainees identified the curriculum as one of the strengths of the program. This competency-based curriculum represents a first step toward creating a framework of global health research competencies on which further efforts could be based."""
NaN		1975	"Tong, F., et al. (2014). """"A Randomized Study of a Literacy-Integrated Science Intervention for Low-Socio-Economic Status Middle School Students: Findings from First-Year Implementation."""" International Journal of Science Education 36(12): 2083-2109."""""	" This paper presents the findings from a randomized control trial study of reading/literacy-integrated science inquiry intervention after 1 year of implementation and the treatment effect on 5th-grade low-socio-economic African-American and Hispanic students' achievement in science and English reading. A total of 94 treatment students and 194 comparison students from four randomized intermediate schools participated in the current project. The intervention consisted of ongoing professional development and specific instructional science lessons with inquiry-based learning, direct and explicit vocabulary instruction, and integration of reading and writing. Results suggested that (a) there was a significantly positive treatment effect as reflected in students' higher performance in district-wide curriculum-based tests of science and reading and standardized tests of science, reading, and English reading fluency  (b) males and females did not differ significantly from participating in science inquiry instruction  (c) African-American students had lower chance of sufficiently mastering the science concepts and achieving above the state standards when compared with Hispanic students across gender and condition, and (d) below-poverty African-American females are the most vulnerable group in science learning. Our study confirmed that even a modest amount of literacy integration in inquiry-based science instruction can promote students' science and reading achievement. Therefore, we call for more experimental research that focus on the quality of literacy-integrated science instruction from which middle grade students, particularly low-socio-economic status students, can benefit."""
NaN		1976	"Tonnesen, J., et al. (2011). """"Two-Color STED Microscopy of Living Synapses Using A Single Laser-Beam Pair."""" Biophysical Journal 101(10): 2545-2552."""""	" The advent of superresolution microscopy has opened up new research opportunities into dynamic processes at the nanoscale inside living biological specimens. This is particularly true for synapses, which are very small, highly dynamic, and embedded in brain tissue. Stimulated emission depletion (STED) microscopy, a recently developed laser-scanning technique, has been shown to be well suited for imaging living synapses in brain slices using yellow fluorescent protein as a single label. However, it would be highly desirable to be able to image presynaptic boutons and postsynaptic spines, which together form synapses, using two different fluorophores. As STED microscopy uses separate laser beams for fluorescence excitation and quenching, incorporation of multicolor imaging for STED is more difficult than for conventional light microscopy. Although two-color schemes exist for STED microscopy, these approaches have several drawbacks due to their complexity, cost, and incompatibility with common labeling strategies and fluorophores. Therefore, we set out to develop a straightforward method for two-color STED microscopy that permits the use of popular green-yellow fluorescent labels such as green fluorescent protein, yellow fluorescent protein, Alexa Fluor 488, and calcein green. Our new (to our knowledge) method is based on a single-excitation/STED laser-beam pair to simultaneously excite and quench pairs of these fluorophores, whose signals can be separated by spectral detection and linear unmixing. We illustrate the potential of this approach by two-color superresolution time-lapse imaging of axonal boutons and dendritic spines in living organotypic brain slices."""
NaN		1977	"Tosa, S. (2011). """"Comparing U.S. and Japanese Inquiry-Based Science Practices in Middle Schools."""" Middle Grades Research Journal 6(1): 29-46."""""	" This study examined similarities and differences in how U.S. and Japanese middle-school science teachers teach science through inquiry. Classroom practices were examined through observations in the United States (N = 9) and Japan (N = 14). The observational data were coded and quantified based on the rubric that incorporated 2 dimensions: student self-directedness and the depth of conceptual links. The conceptual link dimension measured how much cognitive scaffolds that teachers provided in order to help students construct conceptual understanding. A multivariate analysis with country as a factor variable was performed for 10 categories involved in the rubric. The results show that country has a significant main effect on the overall categories. The univariate analysis on each of the categories identified 4 specific areas in which U.S. and Japanese classroom practices differed significantly. The results show that little inquiry-based teaching was observed in either of the countries for apparently different reasons  the observational data indicate scientific concepts under the classroom discussion were not clearly identified in many of the U.S. lessons, whereas Japanese lessons often exhibited lack of teachers' support for students in constructing their own understanding of scientific concepts. Teacher interviews were also conducted to examine U.S. (N = 9) and Japanese (N = 15) teachers' definitions of inquiry-based teaching. The results show that the majority (79%) of teachers in the 2 countries thought that inquiry-based teaching includes student own explorations of scientific concepts. The findings imply that teacher beliefs on the importance of student self-directedness in inquiry-based teaching might be acting as an obstacle for increasing inquiry-based teaching both in the United States and Japan. Although the findings should be interpreted cautiously because of the small sample size, this study suggests critical elements that each of the countries might be missing for their implementation of inquiry-based teaching. (Contains 2 figures and 5 tables.)"""
NaN		1978	"Tosa, S. and F. Martin (2010). """"Impact of a Professional Development Program Using Data-Loggers on Science Teachers' Attitudes towards Inquiry-Based Teaching."""" Journal of Computers in Mathematics and Science Teaching 29(3): 303-325."""""	" This study examined how a professional development program which incorporates the use of electronic data-loggers could impact on science teachers' attitudes towards inquiry-based teaching. The participants were 28 science or technology teachers who attended workshops offered in the United States and Japan. The professional development program emphasized (a) guided inquiry activities, (b) participants' own exploration within the range of given tasks, (c) instructors' guidance on the processes of inquiry and technology, and (d) discussions of the ways to bring their inquiry experiences in their classrooms. Data sources included field notes, video recordings, artifacts, and survey responses. Analysis of participants' discourse identified many instances in which the program helped the teachers deepen their understanding of inquiry-based teaching. The findings are presented as three assertions: (a) all the elements incorporated in the program contributed positively to participants' engagement in inquiry, (b) connections between participants' sensory experiences and graphical representations of data led them to have new understanding of the phenomena under the investigation, and (c) there were strong connections between their experiences about inquiry and teaching strategies that they wanted to incorporate in their classrooms. Applications of the findings into the development of more effective professional development programs will be discussed. (Contains 2 tables and 3 figures.)"""
NaN		1979	"Towers, J. (2010). """"Learning to Teach Mathematics through Inquiry: A Focus on the Relationship between Describing and Enacting Inquiry-Oriented Teaching."""" Journal of Mathematics Teacher Education 13(3): 243-263."""""	" This article is based on one of the several case studies of recent graduates of a teacher education programme that is founded upon inquiry-based, field-oriented and learner-focussed principles and practices and that is centrally concerned with shaping teachers who can enact strong inquiry-based practices in Kindergarten to Grade 12 classrooms. The analysis draws on interviews with one graduate, and on video data collected in his multi-aged Grade 1/2 classroom, to explore some of the ways in which this new teacher enacted inquiry-based teaching approaches in his first year of teaching and to consider his capacity to communicate his understanding of inquiry. This article presents implications for beginning teachers' collaborative practices, for the assessment of new teachers and for practices in preservice teacher education."""
NaN		1980	"Towl, M. and C. Senior (2010). """"Undergraduate Research Training and Graduate Recruitment."""" Education & Training 52(4): 292-303."""""	" Purpose: Formal opportunities for psychology undergraduates to carry out research training are starting to emerge. In spite of the fact that such training programmes would have a high authentic learning component little is known of undergraduate expectations and attitudes towards such programmes. This paper aims to focus on the issues. Methodology/design/approach: In total, 108 undergraduate participants were surveyed in two experiments that recorded both the prospective and retrospective attitudes towards research training participation. Questionnaires and focus groups were employed and the data were triangulated together to converge on an understanding of student expectations towards authentic learning programmes. Findings: While psychology undergraduates expect to be trained in contemporary research techniques it is the sense of community development that is the prime motivator for participation. Originality/value: The paper places these findings within the context of increasing the employability profile of the undergraduate cohort. (Contains 2 tables.)"""
NaN		1981	"Trapp, G., et al. (2012). """"Conducting Field Research in a Primary School Setting: Methodological Considerations for Maximizing Response Rates, Data Quality and Quantity."""" Health Education Journal 71(5): 590-596."""""	" Background: Schools are an ideal setting in which to involve children in research. Yet for investigators wishing to work in these settings, there are few method papers providing insights into working efficiently in this setting. Objective: The aim of this paper is to describe the five strategies used to increase response rates, data quality and quantity in the TRansport Environment and Kids (TREK) project. Setting: The TREK project examined the association between neighbourhood urban design and active transport in Grade 5-7 school children (n = 1480) attending 25 primary schools in metropolitan Perth, Western Australia during 2007. Method: Children completed several survey components during school time (i.e. questionnaire, mapping activity, travel diary and anthropometric measurements) and at home (i.e. pedometer study, parent questionnaire). Results: Overall, 69.4% of schools and 56.6% of children agreed to participate in the study and, of these, 89.9% returned a completed travel diary, 97.8% returned their pedometer and 88.8% of parents returned their questionnaire. These return rates are superior to similar studies. Five strategies appeared important: (1) building positive relationships with key school personnel  (2) child-centred approaches to survey development  (3) comprehensive classroom management techniques to standardize and optimize group sessions  (4) extensive follow-up procedures for collecting survey items  and (5) a specially designed data management/monitoring system. Conclusion: Sharing methodological approaches for obtaining high-quality data will ensure research opportunities within schools are maximized. These methodological issues have implications for planning, budgeting and implementing future research. (Contains 2 figures and 1 table.)"""
NaN		1982	"Tremblay, M. S. and C. L. Craig (2009). """"ParticipACTION: Overview and introduction of baseline research on the """"new"""" ParticipACTION."""" International Journal of Behavioral Nutrition and Physical Activity 6."""""	" Background: This paper provides a brief overview of the Canadian physical activity communications and social marketing organization ""ParticipACTION"""""" "" introduces the """"new"""" ParticipACTION"" describes the research process leading to the collection of baseline data on the new ParticipACTION "" and outlines the accompanying series of papers in the supplement presenting the detailed baseline data. Methods: Information on ParticipACTION was gathered from close personal involvement with the organization, from interviews and meetings with key leaders of the organization, from published literature and from ParticipACTION archives. In 2001, after nearly 30 years of operation, ParticipACTION ceased operations because of inadequate funding. In February 2007 the organization was officially resurrected and the launch of the first mass media campaign of the """"new"""" ParticipACTION occurred in October 2007. The six-year absence of ParticipACTION, or any equivalent substitute, provided a unique opportunity to examine the impact of a national physical activity social marketing organization on important individual and organizational level indicators of success. A rapid response research team was established in January 2007 to exploit this natural intervention research opportunity. Results: The research team was successful in obtaining funding through the new Canadian Institutes of Health Research Intervention Research (Healthy Living and Chronic Disease Prevention) Funding Program. Data were collected on individuals and organizations prior to the complete implementation of the first mass media campaign of the new ParticipACTION. Conclusion: Rapid response research and funding mechanisms facilitated the collection of baseline information on the new ParticipACTION. These data will allow for comprehensive assessments of future initiatives of ParticipACTION."""""
NaN		1983	"Tress, B., et al. (2009). """"Integrative research on environmental and landscape change: PhD students' motivations and challenges."""" Journal of Environmental Management 90(9): 2921-2929."""""	" The growing demand for integrative (interdisciplinary or transdisciplinary) approaches in the field of environmental and landscape change has increased the number of PhD students working in this area. Yet, the motivations to join integrative projects and the challenges for PhD students have so far not been investigated. The aims of this paper were to identify the understanding of PhD Students with regard to integrative research, their motivations to join integrative projects, their expectations in terms of integration and results, and to reveal the challenges they face in integrative projects. We collected data by a questionnaire survey of 104 PhD students attending five PhD Master Classes held from 2003 to 2006. We used manual content analysis to analyse the free-text answers. The results revealed that students lack a differentiated understanding of integrative approaches. The main motivations to join integrative projects were the dissertation subject, the practical relevance of the project, the intellectual stimulation of working with different disciplines, and the belief that integrative research is more innovative. Expectations in terms of integration were high. Core challenges for integration included intellectual and external challenges such as lack of knowledge of other disciplines, knowledge transfer, reaching depth, supervision, lack of exchange with other students and time demands. To improve the situation for PhD students, we suggest improving knowledge on integrative approaches, balancing Practical applicability with theoretical advancement, providing formal introductions to other fields of research, and enhancing institutional support for integrative PhD projects. (C) 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		1984	"Trivedi, B. H. (2010). """"Impact of Effective Pedagogy on Information Technology Students with Weak Academic Backgrounds."""" International Journal of Engineering Education 26(3): 708-715."""""	" In India today, many students in STEM disciplines at technical institutions below the top rank are seriously lacking in prerequisite knowledge and skills and motivation to learn. This paper reports on the implementation of a learner-centered teaching approach in an information technology program in such an academic setting. Learning objectives covering the full spectrum of Bloom's Taxonomy of Educational Objectives were used to guide the preparation of lessons, assignments, and examinations, and active and inquiry-based learning were used for lectures and assignments. Compared with previous students who had been taught traditionally, the students taught in this manner showed dramatically improved performances in analytical problem solving and critical and creative thinking, and they reported a greater interest in the subject and a greater level of enthusiasm about the lectures. Although there is still considerable room for improvement, the results indicate a great potential for proven learner-centered pedagogies to improve the chances of success for STEM students who are at high risk of failure in developing countries."""
NaN		1985	"Troilo, G., et al. (2014). """"More Innovation with Less? A Strategic Contingency View of Slack Resources, Information Search, and Radical Innovation."""" Journal of Product Innovation Management 31(2): 259-277."""""	" This study investigates the nonobvious interrelationship between slack resources and radical innovation. While organizational slack and innovation literature has implicitly recognized a link between these constructs, at least two important aspects of their relationship have been overlooked. First, little attention has been paid to the mechanisms by which slack resources become beneficial for radical innovation. Drawing on information search and organizational learning theories, we propose distal search activitysearching for information outside the current knowledge domain of the firmas a mediating variable between slack resources and radical innovation. Second, little consideration has been given to the strategic orientation of the firm as the context in which slack resources are deployed to enhance radical innovation. Adopting Miles and Snow's typology of strategic archetypes, we propose a moderating role of strategy in the slack resources-distal search-radical innovation chain of relations. We tested our hypotheses on a sample of Chinese high-technology firms, using multiple informant survey data and regression analysis. Our results indicate that slack resources are positively related to radical innovation, and that this relationship is partially mediated by distal search. Thus, there appear to be two routes (one direct, one indirect) to transform slack resources into radical innovation. Further, moderation analysis shows that the effect of slack resources on distal search is strongest among analyzers, while the effect of distal search on radical innovation is strongest among defenders. In sum, our results suggest that analyzers are relatively more dependent on the amount of slack resources compared to other strategy types, that is, resource constraints would have a more negative effect on analyzers. We discuss theoretical and managerial implications of our study and conclude by suggesting future research opportunities."""
NaN		1986	"Trombetta, C. and B. Fazzari (2016). """"The new generation of infrastructure for scientific and technological research: experiences of innovation for the architectural design."""" Techne-Journal of Technology for Architecture and Environment 11: 81-86."""""	" The article aims to describe and spread worldwide the knowledge in architectural design, the availability of a new generation of large-scale infrastructure for research, and design thinking. As made clear in the recent exhibition ""The Art of Architecture"""", realized in China, on Norman Foster projects, realized through experimentation of Permasteelisa, the contemporary architectural design is inspired by the theme of the building of the future, or also a complex system which provides """"additional"""" performance, related to the topic of smart cities: the design needs scientific and technological support in order to develop testing, even in the design phase, through dedicated infrastructure. In this context, it is intended to highlight the funding program PON MiUR 2007/13 just closed As fallout of these Community policies, the spontaneous network being configured between these infrastructures will change profoundly in an innovative way the scenario of experimental and applied research, and offering technological services also supporting the """"next architecture"""" project."""""
NaN		1987	"Trowler, P. (2013). """"Can Approaches to Research in Art and Design Be Beneficially Adapted for Research into Higher Education?"""" Higher Education Research and Development 32(1): 56-69."""""	" This paper examines the research practices in Art and Design that are distinctively different from those common in research into higher education outside those fields. It considers whether and what benefit could be derived from their adaptation by the latter. The paper also examines the factors that are conducive and obstructive to adaptive transfer happening. Founded in the relevant literature, the paper uses 16 semi-structured interviews with academic staff in the disciplines of Graphic Design, Design for Performance, Fine Art and Fashion in an English Arts university. It concludes that there are features of Art and Design research that could be beneficial and that, in some cases, these also meet the necessary conditions for successful adaptation: salience to higher education researchers and profitability in relation to some of the goals of research in that field. However, such practices may not be congruent with dominant approaches in research into higher education, a further condition of successful adaptation, and there may be concerns in some cases around the issue of ""rigour"""". The overall conclusion, therefore, is a qualified one. (Contains 2 notes and 1 figure.)"""""
NaN		1988	"Truncali, A., et al. (2012). """"Engaging Health Professional Students in Substance Abuse Research Development and Early Evaluation of the SARET Program."""" Journal of Addiction Medicine 6(3): 196-204."""""	" Objective: There is a need to build the ranks of health care professionals engaged in substance abuse (SA)-focused clinical research. The authors simultaneously developed and evaluated SARET, the Substance Abuse Research Education and Training program. The fundamental goal of this interprofessional program is to stimulate medical, dental, and nursing student interest and experience in SA research. Evaluation aims to understand program feasibility and acceptability and to assess short-term impact. Methods: SARET comprises 2 main components: stipend-supported research mentorships and a Web-based module series, consisting of 6, interactive, multimedia modules addressing core SA research topics, delivered via course curricula and in the research mentorships. Authors assessed program feasibility and impact on student interest in conducting SA research by tracking participation and conducting participant focus groups and online surveys. Results: Thirty early health care professional students completed mentorships (25 summer, 5 yearlong) and 1324 completed at least 1 Web-module. SARET was considered attractive for the opportunity to conduct clinically oriented research and to work with health care professionals across disciplines. Mentorship students reported positive impact on their vision of SA-related clinical care, more positive attitudes about research, and, in some cases, change in career plans. Web-based modules were associated with enhanced interest in SA (35% increase, P = 0.005, in those somewhat/very interested for neurobiology module) and SA research (+ 38%, P < 0.001 for activation, + 45%, P < 0.001 for personal impact, + 7%, P = 0.089 for neurobiology). Conclusions: The SARET program stimulates SA clinical and research interest among students of nursing, medicine, and dentistry and may lend itself to dissemination."""
NaN		1989	"Tryggvason, M.-T. (2009). """"Why Is Finnish Teacher Education Successful? Some Goals Finnish Teacher Educators Have for Their Teaching."""" European Journal of Teacher Education 32(4): 369-382."""""	" In recent years, Finnish research-based teaching, according to international surveys, has been shown to lead to excellent results. Previous research has demonstrated that teacher education has often had difficulties in incorporating theory into practice, and that the effects of teacher education on the prior beliefs and views on teaching and learning of student teachers have been weak. The aim of the present qualitative study was to find out how the Finnish teacher education system deals with these problems by investigating the current goals Finnish teacher educators have for their own teaching in theoretical courses. A total of 18 teacher educators were interviewed in five focus groups on different teacher education programmes in Finland. The interview results showed that Finnish teacher educators transmit theoretical and pedagogical aspects by using them in their own teaching, which is research-based. They also aim to educate reflective and exploring teachers by using a variety of methods in their own pedagogy. The exemplary role the Finnish teacher educators have can be helpful in influencing prospective teachers' behaviour and thinking."""
NaN		1990	Tschoepe, A. Y. (2014). CHANGING LANDSCAPES OF EDUCATION: TEACHING ARCHITECTURE THROUGH INQUIRY-BASED APPROACHES. Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 2: 169-195.	" The landscape of learning and teaching is changing through the recognition of a diversity of learning types, new student generations as well as advances in technology and theory in education. While claims for interdisciplinary research and inquiry-based approaches, as well as integration of new media and technologies are at the heart of current discourses on teaching and learning, most educational activities still take place in a conservative format of the hierarchical teacher student relationship in rather traditional educational facilities. As an architect and anthropologist, but most of all, as an academic who is devoted to teaching and research, I believe in teaching and learning experiences that are based on theoretical and methodological explorations in different disciplines in order to develop practical, research and critical thinking skills among the students. Students are motivated and engaged when they understand why information is important for them. Through an inquiry-based approach, abstract information becomes tangible and contextualized. In this chapter, I will first discuss common characteristics of our learners, today's generation of students (the Millennials). Second, I will conceptually locate my approach to teaching among inquiry-based approaches such as Situated Learning, Learner-centered Teaching and Universal Design for Learning, which I see as complementary to each other. Third, I will explain my course design and give an account of two courses as examples for Inquiry-based Learning in action. Although these courses address architecture students, the Inquiry-based Learning and teaching experiences from these courses will inform a larger, more general audience interested in the subject matter."""
NaN		1991	Tuden, D., et al. (2013). Developing a Strategy for Studying Critical Thinking in a Nurse Telehealth Setting: A Participatory Approach. Enabling Health and Healthcare through Ict: Available, Tailored and Closer. K. L. Courtney, O. Shabestari and A. Kuo. 183: 68-73.	" Telehealth nursing is a specialized area of nursing practice that has grown in response to the emergence of new technologies and consumer demand for health care services in the community. HealthLinkBC Nursing Services provides symptom triage and health education to residents of British Columbia and Yukon over the phone. Unlike traditional nursing care, telenurses are limited in terms of information they receive from callers. Therefore, there is a need for critical thinking skills to be developed. The purpose of this paper is to describe a participatory approach towards identifying: (1) the factors that effect telehealth nursing practice including critical thinking, and (2) developing a research strategy aimed at identifying the ways in which critical thinking can be supported in a telehealth nursing environment. A HealthLinkBC working group has begun work in developing a definition of critical thinking specific to nursing, identifying future research opportunities and methodologies."""
NaN		1992	"Tuffrey-Wijne, I., et al. (2016). """"Developing research, policy and practice in palliative care for people with intellectual disabilities will benefit everyone."""" Palliative Medicine 30(7): 613-615."""""	" This editorial discusses the development of research, policy and practice in palliative care for people with intellectual disabilities will benefit everyone. People with intellectual disabilities are a sizeable minority group, making up approximately 2% of the population. They need specific attention when they reach the end of life. While many of the palliative care needs of people with intellectual disabilities may be no different from those of the general population, they often present with unique issues, challenges and disadvantageous circumstances that make it more difficult to meet those needs. It has been shown decisively that people with intellectual disabilities have poorer health outcomes than the general population for reasons unrelated to the causes of their cognitive impairment, but rather, due to failings within healthcare systems. This is compounded by persistent negative attitudes and assumptions about quality of life of people with life-long cognitive impairments. Service providers, policy makers and funders may well ask whether it is worthwhile spending time and resources on research, training and preparation for supporting patients with intellectual disabilities, as they may see very few such patients within their service. With regard to policy and practice, addressing the challenges faced by people with intellectual disabilities at the end of life requires a sustained focus. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1993	"Tull, E. S., et al. (2013). """"Understanding the relative influence of attitudes and societal norms on dietary intentions among African-Caribbean women."""" The Social Science Journal 50(4): 583-590."""""	" This study applies the theory of reasoned action (TRA) to understand the relative influence of personal attitude (AT) toward three chronic diseases (diabetes, heart disease, and hypertension), and social normative (SN) groups (family, friends, and church), toward intention to engage in dietary behaviors associated with obesity and chronic disease risk. The sample consists of N = 183 women, aged 18–55 years, in Barbados, West Indies, selected through a stratified cluster sample technique. The instrument includes demographic and anthropo-metric variables and components of the TRA. Analyses using structural equation modeling (SEM) indicate that the TRA explains 22%, 35% and 19% of the variances in intention to consume high-fat foods, alcohol, and fruits, nuts and vegetables, respectively. SN is a predictor of all three dietary intentions, while AT predicts only intention to eat fruit, nuts, and vegetables. In the models, social pressure from family is relatively more important than friends and church in influencing dietary intentions. It can be concluded that social normative influences have a stronger effect on intentions to consume fatty foods, alcohol, and fruit, nuts and vegetables than do personal attitudes. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1994	"Turner, G. E. (2011). """"Phenotypic Analysis of Neurospora crassa Gene Deletion Strains."""" Fungal Genomics: Methods and Protocols 722: 191-198."""""	" Phenotypic analysis of Neurospora crassa knockout (KO) mutants was used as a vehicle to introduce students to laboratory research. The availability of gene deletion strains was the impetus for the development of a program designed to introduce beginning science students to basic microbiology, genetics, microscopy and beginning bioinformatics. The goal was to provide a research experience, acquire laboratory skills and phenotype hundreds of KO mutants. The data provided by the students was used to build a phenotype database at the Broad Institute at Harvard/MIT for the fungal scientific community. Each mutant analysis consists of five assays that examine growth and morphology, asexual and sexual development using wild-type (parental) strains as a reference. This information indicates how loss of each gene impacts these basic and important processes."""
NaN		1995	"Turner, N., et al. (2008). """"International Perspectives on Student Awareness, Experiences and Perceptions of Research: Implications for Academic Developers in Implementing Research-Based Teaching and Learning."""" International Journal for Academic Development 13(3): 199-211."""""	" This paper explores the implications of the effective integration of research, teaching and learning for academic development through the lens of an international multi-institutional comparison of student perceptions of research and its impact on their learning environment. The study, with a sample of over 500 final-year undergraduate students across three institutions in the UK and Canada, represents a spectrum of research and teaching intensive universities and is one of the largest exploring undergraduate student perceptions of research in the linking teaching and research literature. The results indicate a complex relationship between student perceptions and experiences of research and the type of institution, as well as the individual, institutional and national context. They also inform the discussion of particular issues that academic developers face and the strategies they use to improve the integration of research and teaching to benefit the undergraduate learning experience in their institution. (Contains 6 tables.)"""
NaN		1996	"Twigg, V. V. (2010). """"Teachers' Practices, Values and Beliefs for Successful Inquiry-Based Teaching in the International Baccalaureate Primary Years Programme."""" Journal of Research in International Education 9(1): 40-65."""""	" Through narrative inquiry, this study investigated the role of personal and professional aspects of teaching and learning which teachers have developed and practiced, in relation to the dispositions, values, beliefs and knowledge that may assist them in successfully transforming to inquiry-based teaching, specifically in the implementation of the International Baccalaureate (IB) Primary Years Programme (PYP). Narrative analysis using interpretivism and social anthropology supported by a ""grounded theory"""" approach revealed that teachers who have high personal expectations that are reflected in the organization, deliverance and assessment of the programme, in conjunction with evaluation of the teachers and coming to the process as a learner, contributor, reflective practitioner, challenge seeker and simple fun-loving positive person, play an important role in them transforming their practice from traditional didactic methodologies to inquiry-based teaching and learning pedagogies. (Contains 3 tables and 1 figure.)"""""
NaN		1997	"Twist, M. L. C., et al. (2016). """"Electronic communication in supervisory relationships: A mixed data survey."""" Contemporary Family Therapy: An International Journal 38(4): 424-433."""""	" Much has been written about online communication between therapists and clients, particularly regarding the feasibility, ethics, and frequency of such practices. Little, however, has been published with regard to electronic communication patterns between therapists and their supervisors. The purpose of this study was to understand if and how electronic communication is used between marriage and family therapy (MFT) supervisees and supervisors. To accomplish this, we administered a mixed data survey to MFT supervisors and supervisees across the United States regarding frequency of interaction via electronic methods. We also assessed comfort level with online supervision, how supervisory participants make determinations when to use online supervision, and when online communication is believed to be most appropriate within MFT supervision. We report both qualitative and quantitative findings regarding the use of online technologies in supervision. Implications for research, training, and supervision are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		1998	"Uddin, S., et al. (2015). """"A topological framework to explore longitudinal social networks."""" Computational and Mathematical Organization Theory 21(1): 48-68."""""	" Longitudinal networks evolve over time through the creation and/or deletion of links among a set of actors (e.g., individuals or organizations). A longitudinal network can be viewed as a single static network (i.e., structure of network is fixed) that aggregates all the edges observed over some time period or as a series of static networks observed in different point of time over the entire network observation period (i.e., structure of network is changing over time). The understanding of the underlying structural changes of longitudinal networks and contributions of individual actors to these changes enable researchers to investigate different structural properties of such networks. By following a topological approach (i.e., static topology and dynamic topology), this paper first proposes a framework to analyze longitudinal social networks. In static topology, social networks analysis (SNA) methods are applied to the aggregated network of entire observation period. Smaller segments of network data (i.e., short-interval network) that are accumulated in less time compared to the entire network observation period are used in the dynamic topology for analysis purposes. Based on this framework, this study then conducts topological analysis of two longitudinal networks to explore over time actor-level dynamics during different phases of these two networks. The proposed topological framework can be utilized to explore structural vulnerabilities and evolutionary trend of various longitudinal social networks (e.g., disease spread network and computer virus network). This will eventually lead to better authorization and control over such networks. For network science researchers, this framework will bring new research opportunities to enhance our present knowledge about different aspects (e.g., network disintegration and contribution of individual actor's to network evolution) of longitudinal social networks."""
NaN		1999	"Ullrich, L., et al. (2014). """"From student to steward: the Interdisciplinary Program in Neuroscience at Georgetown University as a case study in professional development during doctoral training."""" Medical Education Online 19."""""	" A key facet of professional development is the formation of professional identity. At its most basic level, professional identity for a scientist centers on mastery of a discipline and the development of research skills during doctoral training. To develop a broader understanding of professional identity in the context of doctoral training, the Carnegie Initiative on the Doctorate (CID) ran a multi-institutional study from 2001 to 2005. A key outcome of the CID was the development of the concept of 'stewards of the discipline'. The Interdisciplinary Program in Neuroscience (IPN) at Georgetown University participated in CID from 2003 to 2005. Here, we describe the IPN and highlight the programmatic developments resulting from participation in the CID. In particular, we emphasize programmatic activities that are designed to promote professional skills in parallel with scientific development. We describe activities in the domains of leadership, communication, teaching, public outreach, ethics, collaboration, and mentorship. Finally, we provide data that demonstrate that traditional metrics of academic success are not adversely affected by the inclusion of professional development activities in the curricula. By incorporating these seven 'professional development' activities into the required coursework and dissertation research experience, the IPN motivates students to become stewards of the discipline."""
NaN		2000	"Ulrich, R. S., et al. (2010). """"A Conceptual Framework for the Domain of Evidence-Based Design."""" Herd-Health Environments Research & Design Journal 4(1): 95-114."""""	" The physical facilities in which healthcare services are performed play an important role in the healing process. Evidence-based design in healthcare is a developing field of study that holds great promise for benefiting key stakeholders: patients, families, physicians, and nurses, as well as other healthcare staff and organizations. In this paper, the authors present and discuss a conceptual framework intended to capture the current domain of evidence-based design in healthcare. In this framework, the built environment is represented by nine design variable categories: audio environment, visual environment safety enhancement wayfinding system, sustainability, patient room, family support spaces, staff support,spaces, and physician support spaces Furthermore a series of matrices is presented that indicates knowledge gaps concerning the relationship between specific healthcare facility design variable categories and participant and organizational outcomes. From this analysis, the authors identify fertile research opportunities from the perspectives of key stakeholders."""
NaN		2001	"Usher, W., et al. (2015). """"Utilizing Educational Theoretical Models to Support Effective Physical Education Pedagogy."""" Cogent Education 2(1): 10."""""	" Physical education (PE) pedagogy has traditionally been viewed as drillstyle teaching. Whilst this traditional pedagogical approach provides exposure to various skills, used within a school-based PE and sporting context, it does not demonstrate a student's competence associated with their ability to apply these skills in complex game situations. Therefore, teacher practitioners must look to implementing educational theoretical models that go to support effective pedagogical approaches so as to ensure that authentic and effective learning and teaching takes place within the PE and sporting domains. With this in mind, this paper will discuss how effective learning and teaching can be achieved and heightened through the application of a number of theoretical models and approaches, namely  constructivism, inquiry-based learning, Moston's guided discovery, and Teaching Games for Understanding (TGfU)."""
NaN		2002	"Uysal, A., et al. (2010). """"Barriers to research utilisation among nurses in Turkey."""" Journal of Clinical Nursing 19(23-24): 3443-3452."""""	" Aim and objective: This study was conducted to identify barriers to research utilisation in practice among nurses in Turkey. Background: It is clear from the nursing literature that there are several factors that can impede the use of research in practice. It is important that these are identified and addressed. Design: Survey. Method: This descriptive study was carried out with 216 nurses from government and private hospitals in Izmir between January–April 2007. The data collection instrument used for the study consisted of the Barriers to Research Utilization Scale and a self-administered questionnaire form that contained demographic data, educational background and nurses’ involvement in research activities. Results: More than half of the nurses did not receive research education before graduation, and 85·2% did not receive an in-service education. Only 58·3% of nurses give great importance to research, and 24·5% are interested in research. Involvement in research activities is inadequate. Five out of the top 10 barriers were related to ‘setting’, three to ‘nurse’ and two to ‘presentation’. Educational level, undergraduate research education and involvement in research activities were predictor factors of perceived barriers to research utilisation. Conclusions: Identifying the barriers to research utilisation is the first step in overcoming the barriers. It is hoped that research capability in the health care field in Turkey can be enhanced. Creating an organisational climate that values research use and supports nurses to participate in such activities is crucial. Relevance to clinical practice: The study findings provide key factors and the top barriers to research utilisation to nurse administrators in developing strategies to increase the utilisation of research findings in clinical practices. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2003	"Valtonen, T., et al. (2015). """"The impact of authentic learning experiences with ICT on pre-service teachers' intentions to use ICT for teaching and learning."""" Computers & Education 81: 49-58."""""	" This research focuses on how experiences of learning with ICT in pedagogically meaningful ways can affect pre-service teachers' intentions to use ICT for teaching and learning. The research is based on the framework of the theory of planned behaviour (TPB). It is a quasi-experimental design study with pre- and post-testing. The effects that a 12-week course using collaborative, inquiry based learning practices and several ICT applications have on four areas of pre-service teachers' TPB are investigated. The research was conducted using repeated measures t-tests and structure equation modelling (SEM). The results indicate that there were no differences in pre-service teachers' attitudes and behavioural intentions towards the use of ICT for teaching and learning. Statistically significant changes were found in pre-service teachers' self-efficacy and subjective norms concerning the use of ICT for teaching and learning. Also, differences between pre- and post-testing were found in the relationship between subjective norms and self-efficacy and other areas of TPB. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2004	"van Aalderen‐Smeets, S. I. and J. H. W. van der Molen (2015). """"Improving primary teachers' attitudes toward science by attitude‐focused professional development."""" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 52(5): 710-734."""""	" This article provides a description of a novel, attitude‐focused, professional development intervention, and presents the results of an experimental pretest‐posttest control group study investigating the effects of this intervention on primary teachers’ personal attitudes toward science, attitudes toward teaching science, and their science teaching behavior. The training course integrated an explicit focus on attitudes towards (teaching) science with an inquiry‐based learning approach and refrained from recipe‐like, pre‐structured, and content‐based instruction examples. Results show that the training course had profound positive effects on primary teachers’ professional attitude towards teaching science. Teachers improved in self‐efficacy beliefs regarding science teaching, felt less dependent on context factors, and enjoyed science teaching more. In addition, the training course had positive effects on teachers’ personal attitude towards science, including improved self‐efficacy and relevance beliefs, and decreased anxiety. Furthermore, there was a large effect on teachers’ science teaching behavior in the classroom and on the number of science related activities they engaged in during their personal lives. These results show that an attitude‐focused approach is more effective in changing teachers’ attitudes and science teaching behavior compared to merely being engaged in science teaching. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2005	"van Aalst, J. and M. S. Truong (2011). """"Promoting Knowledge Creation Discourse in an Asian Primary Five Classroom: Results from an inquiry into life cycles."""" International Journal of Science Education 33(4): 487-515."""""	" The phrase 'knowledge creation' refers to the practices by which a community advances its collective knowledge. Experience with a model of knowledge creation could help students to learn about the nature of science. This research examined how much progress a teacher and 16 Primary Five (Grade 4) students in the International Baccalaureate Primary Years Programme could make towards the discourse needed for Bereiter and Scardamalia's model of knowledge creation. The study consisted of two phases: a five-month period focusing on the development of the classroom ethos and skills needed for this model (Phase 1), followed by a two-month inquiry into life cycles (Phase 2). In Phase 1, we examined the classroom practices that are thought to support knowledge creation and the early experiences of the students with a web-based inquiry environment, Knowledge Forum (R). In Phase 2, we conducted a summative evaluation of the students' work in Knowledge Forum in the light of the model. The data sources included classroom video recordings, artefacts of the in-class work, the Knowledge Forum database, a science content test, questionnaires, and interviews. The findings indicate that the students made substantial progress towards the knowledge creation discourse, particularly regarding the social structure of this kind of discourse and, to a lesser extent, its idea-centred nature. They also made acceptable advances in scientific knowledge and appeared to enjoy this way of learning. The study provides one of the first accounts in the literature of how a teacher new to the knowledge creation model enacted it in an Asian primary classroom."""
NaN		2006	"van den Bos, R., et al. (2013). """"Cross-species approaches to pathological gambling: A review targeting sex differences, adolescent vulnerability and ecological validity of research tools."""" Neuroscience and Biobehavioral Reviews 37(10, Part 2): 2454-2471."""""	" Decision-making plays a pivotal role in daily life as impairments in processes underlying decision-making often lead to an inability to make profitable long-term decisions. As a case in point, pathological gamblers continue gambling despite the fact that this disrupts their personal, professional or financial life. The prevalence of pathological gambling will likely increase in the coming years due to expanding possibilities of on-line gambling through the Internet and increasing liberal attitudes towards gambling. It therefore represents a growing concern for society. Both human and animal studies rapidly advance our knowledge on brain-behaviour processes relevant for understanding normal and pathological gambling behaviour. Here, we review in humans and animals three features of pathological gambling which hitherto have received relatively little attention: (1) sex differences in (the development of) pathological gambling, (2) adolescence as a (putative) sensitive period for (developing) pathological gambling and (3) avenues for improving ecological validity of research tools. Based on these issues we also discuss how research in humans and animals may be brought in line to maximize translational research opportunities. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2007	"van der Ploeg, E. S. and D. W. O'Connor (2014). """"Methodological challenges in studies of bright light therapy to treat sleep disorders in nursing home residents with dementia."""" Psychiatry and Clinical Neurosciences 68(11): 777-784."""""	" Aim: Numerous studies have explored the effectiveness of bright light therapy as a treatment of sleep disorders in nursing home and long-stay geriatric hospital residents, most of whom have dementia. A recent Cochrane Collaboration meta-analysis of 10 selected studies concluded that there was insufficient evidence to assess its therapeutic efficacy as most available studies had methodological problems. We sought to remedy this situation by developing proposals to guide research methods in future studies. Methods: Based on the literature and our own clinical and research experience, we developed a series of proposals relating to study design, participant selection, light delivery modalities and outcome measures that we believe will maximize the chances of identifying a bright light treatment effect. We then checked adherence to these proposals in all relevant published experimental studies. Results: Of the 18 studies published in the last two decades that met our selection criteria, only half the studies had selected participants with a sleep disorder. Eleven studies excluded people with severe vision loss  seven included a clinical rating of sleep, and five measured baseline lighting levels. Most checked psychoactive medication prescriptions but few reported changes in prescriptions over the course of the study. Most also checked treatment adherence and included some control for differences in amount of social contact. Conclusions: Evidence for the effectiveness of bright white light treatment in people residing in nursing homes is equivocal. We anticipate that the quality of this evidence will be improved if researchers refine their study methods and adopt a more uniform approach. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2008	"Van Iddekinge, C. H., et al. (2011). """"Are You Interested? A Meta-Analysis of Relations Between Vocational Interests and Employee Performance and Turnover."""" Journal of Applied Psychology 96(6): 1167-1194."""""	" A common belief among researchers is that vocational interests have limited value for personnel selection. However, no comprehensive quantitative summaries of interests validity research have been conducted to substantiate claims for or against the use of interests. To help address this gap, we conducted a meta-analysis of relations between interests and employee performance and turnover using data from 74 studies and 141 independent samples. Overall validity estimates (corrected for measurement error in the criterion but not for range restriction) for single interest scales were.14 for job performance,.26 for training performance, -.19 for turnover intentions, and -.15 for actual turnover. Several factors appeared to moderate interest-criterion relations. For example, validity estimates were larger when interests were theoretically relevant to the work performed in the target job. The type of interest scale also moderated validity, such that corrected validities were larger for scales designed to assess interests relevant to a particular job or vocation (e. g.,.23 for job performance) than for scales designed to assess a single, job-relevant realistic, investigative, artistic, social, enterprising, or conventional (i.e., RIASEC) interest (. 10) or a basic interest (. 11). Finally, validity estimates were largest when studies used multiple interests for prediction, either by using a single job or vocation focused scale (which tend to tap multiple interests) or by using a regression-weighted composite of several RIASEC or basic interest scales. Overall, the results suggest that vocational interests may hold more promise for predicting employee performance and turnover than researchers may have thought."""
NaN		2009	"van Rijnsoever, F. J. and L. K. Hessels (2011). """"Factors associated with disciplinary and interdisciplinary research collaboration."""" Research Policy 40(3): 463-472."""""	" There is a lack of understanding regarding the optimal conditions for interdisciplinary research. This study investigates what characteristics of researchers are associated with disciplinary and interdisciplinary research collaborations and what collaborations are most rewarding in different scientific disciplines. Our results confirm that female scientists are more engaged in interdisciplinary research collaborations. Further, a scientist's years of research experience are positively related with both types of collaboration. Work experience in firms or governmental organizations increases the propensity of interdisciplinary collaborations, but decreases that of disciplinary collaborations. Disciplinary collaborations occur more frequent in basic disciplines  interdisciplinary collaborations more in strategic disciplines. We also found that in both types of disciplines, disciplinary collaborations contribute more to career development than interdisciplinary collaborations. We conclude with three recommendations for science and innovation policy, while emphasising the need to distinguish between different scientific disciplines. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
NaN		2010	"van Rooij, S. W. (2007). """"Perceptions of Open Source versus Commercial Software: Is Higher Education Still on the Fence?"""" Journal of Research on Technology in Education 39(4): 433-453."""""	" This exploratory study investigated the perceptions of technology and academic decision-makers about open source benefits and risks versus commercial software applications. The study also explored reactions to a concept for outsourcing campus-wide deployment and maintenance of open source. Data collected from telephone interviews were analyzed, emergent themes identified, and a model of differentiators of open source versus commercial software was created, which was then used to evaluate reactions to the outsourcing concept. Interviews revealed perceived barriers to open source adoption and the extent to which the outsourcing concept could alleviate risks. Recommendations for overcoming adoption barriers are offered and future research opportunities identified to ensure that open source software applications are both technically efficient and supportive of engaged learning. (Contains 2 figures and 3 tables.)"""
NaN		2011	"Van Royen, P., et al. (2011). """"Series: The research agenda for general practice/family medicine and primary health care in Europe. Part 6: Reaction on commentaries - how to continue with the Research Agenda?"""" European Journal of General Practice 17(1): 58-61."""""	" The Research Agenda should be used as a key reference point to which new research should relate its usefulness and added value. Primary care evolves towards more interdisciplinary care, and research should focus more on the core competency of person-centred team care. There is an urgent need to develop clear definitions and appropriate research instruments for this domain. It will be a particular challenge to study comprehensive approaches in primary-care patients with multi-morbidity. The Research Agenda and the commentaries on it show future directions for primary care research. There are challenges related to a changing society, the shared responsibility and guidance of research by professionals and citizens (patients), and the need to fully integrate research as part of primary healthcare provision. There will be a need for a prioritization of spearheads to guide primary care research for the next decade: translational research, research on equity and health differences, on chronic disease and health systems research. This can not be realized without the development and maintenance of a solid research infrastructure: easily maintained and accessed observational databases, helpful information technology, strategies and techniques for patient involvement, advanced research training possibilities, and the development and validation of appropriate research instruments and outcome measures to capture the different challenges. Worldwide, primary care not only is a priority for health care policy, but it needs to become a research priority as well."""
NaN		2012	"Vandermaas-Peeler, M., et al. (2015). """"""""Mentoring Is Sharing the Excitement of Discovery"""": Faculty Perceptions of Undergraduate Research Mentoring."""" Mentoring & Tutoring: Partnership in Learning 23(5): 377-393."""""	" Although an increasing number of studies have examined students' participation in undergraduate research (UR), little is known about faculty perceptions of mentoring in this context. The purpose of this exploratory study was to investigate four aspects of mentoring UR, including how faculty define high-quality UR mentoring and operationalize it in practice  what the perceived benefits and challenges of UR participation are for mentors and students  how mentoring relates to faculty perceptions of their other roles (teachers, advisors, and scholars)  and how participation in various communities of practice influences UR mentoring. Sixty faculty respondents at a private, midsized comprehensive institution completed an online survey. In a series of qualitative analyses, responses to open-ended questions were coded as instrumental, psychosocial, or blended. Analyses revealed that faculty perceptions of UR mentoring were impacted by faculty approach to UR mentoring and faculty rank. These findings may be helpful in the development of UR programs and faculty support programming."""
NaN		2013	"VanMeter-Adams, A., et al. (2014). """"Students Who Demonstrate Strong Talent and Interest in STEM Are Initially Attracted to STEM through Extracurricular Experiences."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 13(4): 687-697."""""	" What early experiences attract students to pursue an education and career in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM)? Does hands-on research influence them to persevere and complete a major course of academic study in STEM? We evaluated survey responses from 149 high school and undergraduate students who gained hands-on research experience in the 2007-2013 Aspiring Scientists Summer Internship Programs (ASSIP) at George Mason University. Participants demonstrated their strong interest in STEM by volunteering to participate in ASSIP and completing 300 h of summer research. The survey queried extracurricular experiences, classroom factors, and hands-on projects that first cultivated students' interest in the STEM fields, and separately evaluated experiences that sustained their interest in pursuing a STEM degree. The majority of students (65.5%, p < 0.0001) reported extracurricular encounters, such as the influence of a relative or family member and childhood experiences, as the most significant factors that initially ignited their interest in STEM, while hands-on lab work was stated as sustaining their interest in STEM (92.6%). Based on these findings collected from a cohort of students who demonstrated a strong talent and interest in STEM, community-based programs that create awareness about STEM for both children and their family members may be key components for igniting long-term academic interest in STEM."""
NaN		2014	"VanWormer, L. A., et al. (2014). """"Assessing the Perceived Value of Research Participation."""" Teaching of Psychology 41(3): 233-236."""""	" Undergraduate psychology majors are encouraged to engage in research to improve understanding of research methods and increase research skills. This study examines the potential of volunteering as a research participant to increase student perceptions of knowledge and interest in research. Undergraduate students completed a survey regarding the value of research participation. Results showed that across all classifications (i.e., freshmen, sophomore, junior, and senior), students reported higher levels of both understanding research and interest in research after research participation. Given these results, we suggest that including research participation as a part of the psychology undergraduate curriculum can serve as an effective hands-on experience for all undergraduate students."""
NaN		2015	"Varma, A. and M. Malik (2007). """"Research during psychiatry residency: A case for IMGs on visas."""" Academic Psychiatry 31(2): 171-172."""""	" We argue in favor of equal research opportunities under American Psychiatric Association (APA) for all psychiatry residents. We believe that visa restrictions for eligibility in APA-sponsored research activities seriously limit international medical graduates (IMG) residents' participation, and easing these restrictions could go a long way in encouraging well-trained and motivated IMGs to consider and maintain successful research careers. APA, being the largest national body in pursuit of clinical, academic, and research excellence in psychiatry, is in a unique position to advocate the necessary changes in the regulations regarding visa status for research and academic fellowships. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2016	"Varma, K. (2014). """"Supporting Scientific Experimentation and Reasoning in Young Elementary School Students."""" Journal of Science Education and Technology 23(3): 381-397."""""	" Researchers from multiple perspectives have shown that young students can engage in the scientific reasoning involved in science experimentation. However, there is little research on how well these young students learn in inquiry-based learning environments that focus on using scientific experimentation strategies to learn new scientific information. This work investigates young children's science concept learning via inquiry-based instruction on the thermodynamics system in a developmentally appropriate, technology-supported learning environment. First- and third-grade students participate in three sets of guided experimentation activities that involve using handheld computers to measure change in temperature given different types of insulation materials. Findings from pre- and post-comparisons show that students at both grade levels are able to learn about the thermodynamics system through engaging in the guided experiment activities. The instruction groups outperformed the control groups on multiple measures of thermodynamics knowledge, and the older children outperform the younger children. Knowledge gains are discussed in the context of mental models of the thermodynamics system that include the individual concepts mentioned above and the relationships between them. This work suggests that young students can benefit from science instruction centered on experimentation activities. It shows the benefits of presenting complex scientific information authentic contexts and the importance of providing the necessary scaffolding for meaningful scientific inquiry and experimentation."""
NaN		2017	"Varsavsky, C., et al. (2014). """"Perceptions of Science Graduating Students on Their Learning Gains."""" International Journal of Science Education 36(6): 929-951."""""	" In this study, the Science Student Skills Inventory was used to gain understanding of student perceptions about their science skills set developed throughout their programme (scientific content knowledge, communication, scientific writing, teamwork, quantitative skills, and ethical thinking). The study involved 400 responses from undergraduate science students about to graduate from two Australian research-intensive institutions. For each skill, students rated on a four-point Likert scale their perception of the importance of developing the skill within the programme, how much they improved it throughout their undergraduate science programme, how much they saw the skill included in the programme, how confident they were about the skill, and how much they will use the skill in the future. Descriptive statistics indicate that overall, student perception of importance of these skills was greater than perceptions of improvement, inclusion in the programme, confidence, and future use. Quantitative skills and ethical thinking were perceived by more students to be less important. t-Test analyses revealed some differences in perception across different demographic groups (gender, age, graduate plans, and research experience). Most notably, gender showed significant differences across most skills. Implications for curriculum development are discussed, and lines for further research are given."""
NaN		2018	"Vasquez, E. E., et al. (2013). """"Rethinking health research capacity strengthening."""" Global Public Health 8: S104-S124."""""	" Health research capacity strengthening (HRCS) is a strategy implemented worldwide to improve the ability of developing countries to tackle the persistent and disproportionate burdens of disease they face. Drawing on a review of existing HRCS literature and our experiences over the course of an HRCS project in Vietnam, we summarise major challenges to the HRCS enterprise at the interpersonal, institutional and macro levels. While over the course of several decades of HRCS initiatives many of these challenges have been well documented, we highlight several considerations that remain underarticulated. We advance critical considerations of the HRCS enterprise by discussing (1) how the organisation of US public health funding shapes the ecology of knowledge production in low- and middle-income country contexts, (2) the barriers US researchers face to effectively collaborate in capacity strengthening for research-to-policy translation, and (3) the potential for unintentional negative consequences if HRCS efforts are not sufficiently reflexive about the limitations of dominant paradigms in public health research and intervention."""
NaN		2019	"Vedanthan, R. and V. Fuster (2011). """"Urgent need for human resources to promote global cardiovascular health."""" Nature Reviews Cardiology 8(2): 114-117."""""	" The World Health Organization estimates the existence of a global shortage of over 4 million health-care workers. Given the growing global burden of cardiovascular disease (CVD), the shortfall in global human resources for health (HRH) is probably even greater than predicted. A critical challenge going forward is to determine how to integrate CVD-related human resource needs into the overall global HRH agenda. We describe the CVD implications of core HRH objectives, including coverage, motivation, and competence, in addition to issues such as health-care worker migration and the need for input from multiple stakeholders to successfully address the current problems. We emphasize gaps in knowledge regarding HRH for global CVD-related care and research opportunities. In light of the current global epidemiologic transition from communicable to noncommunicable diseases, now is the time for the global health community to focus on CVD-related human resource needs."""
NaN		2020	"Vega, J. and A. Lafaurie (2013). """"A Children's Observatory of Television: """"Observar TV"""", a Space for Dialogue between Children."""" Comunicar(40): 145-153."""""	" This paper presents the results of work on ""Observar TV"""", a children's observatory of television launched in the city of Barranquilla (Colombia) in which children participated as protagonists in research, training and spaces for dialogue centred on their observations of television broadcasts. The goals of the project included: 1) to ascertain the reflection and discussion of preferences and opinions (expressed by boys and girls) regarding television""  2) to identify and discuss their imagery around citizenship in relation to coexistence and peace, multiculturalism and democratic responsibility and participation  3) to understand the development processes that contribute to the construction of their critical thinking abilities regarding television and its consumption "" 4) to increase the visibility of children as active participants in setting the public agenda of their city. This study was developed using a participatory action research approach that employed qualitative methods (focus groups, workshops, and observations) for the simultaneous execution of three components: research, training, and visibility/interaction. The results demonstrate that the child participants displayed a critical attitude toward television and expressed their likes and dislikes regarding television content. The participants took up the challenge to discuss, transform, or reaffirm their imagery relating to citizenship and strengthened their capacities in language and communication. The children expressed the reflections that came up in the work of the observatory by participating in the television program """"Learning to watch television"""", that was produced by the regional station """"Telecaribe""""."""""
NaN		2021	"Veilleux, J. C., et al. (2012). """"Perceptions of climate in clinical psychology doctoral programs: Development and initial validation of the Graduate Program Climate Scale."""" Training and Education in Professional Psychology 6(4): 211-219."""""	" Measurement of program climate, defined as a sense of environmental safety amid respectful relationships and effective organizational systems, has been associated with a myriad of important outcomes in school and workplace settings. However, climate has received scant attention in the realm of graduate training, including training in psychology health service programs, despite related research suggesting that quality of mentor–mentee relationships and the research training environment influences student satisfaction and educational attainment. The current study presents the initial development of the Graduate Program Climate Scale, a brief 20-item assessment of climate derived from school and workplace climate measures, targeted at clinical psychology doctoral students in scientist-practitioner programs. The scale was found to be internally consistent and correlated with program satisfaction, satisfaction with evaluation and feedback procedures, and confidence in research skills. Importantly, more positive program climate also predicted outcomes related to peers with problems of professional competence, suggesting that program climate is associated with students' faith in faculty to handle professional competence issues. Results from the current study suggest that the Graduate Program Climate Scale may be a useful tool for examining program-level characteristics and processes associated with success in clinical psychology training programs. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2023	"Velázquez, I. (2013). """"""""Getting It"""": Sociolinguistic Research and the Teaching on U.S. Spanish."""" Critical Inquiry in Language Studies 10(3): 191-214."""""	" This article presents the results of an analysis of student perceptions about speakers of Spanish in the United States before and after participation in a university course on U.S. Spanish that incorporates a hands-on research component. Three arguments are made here: That these perceptions influence their day-to-day relationship with bilingual communities and inform the way in which they will approach their professional practice  that modeling and guiding reflection helps students to become engaged in a critical analysis of their own language experience  and that research experience provides students with an opportunity to link the theory of the sociolinguistics of U.S. Spanish with the experience of local speakers. Results suggest that this experience changed several general and normative beliefs that students held about U.S. speakers of Spanish, but that these changes did not necessarily transform the way in which they perceived themselves in relation to those speakers."""
NaN		2022	"Velardi, S. H., et al. (2015). """"The Components of Effective Professional Development for Science Educators: A Case Study with Environmental Education Program Project Learning Tree."""" Applied Environmental Education and Communication 14(4): 223-231."""""	" Professional development workshops enable educators to increase their knowledge in an academic subject. With the publication of The Next Generation Science Standards, teachers are expected to be cognizant in science content and inquiry-based learning. This research study looked at workshops offered by New York Project Learning Tree®, an environmental education program, using surveys and interviews with facilitators and educators. It was determined that there was a significant relationship between Secondary module workshops: 2-3 hr and how frequently curriculum was taught by educators (p <0.05). This study recommends subject-focused, audience-specific, in-person workshops with online supplements as an effective framework for future workshops."""
NaN		2024	"Venkidusamy, K., et al. (2015). """"Electron transport through electrically conductive nanofilaments in Rhodopseudomonas palustris strain RP2."""" Rsc Advances 5(122): 100790-100798."""""	" Electronic dialogue between proteins is expected to be a key component of charge transport at the microbe-mineral interface (MMI) and requires complex structures. Microbial nanofilaments are one such structure produced in energetically engineered environments. These nanostructures consist of natural protein electronic conduits which can target the microbe-mineral interface and facilitate charge transport over a distance. Nanofilaments are phylogenetically diverse inducible extracellular appendages, and have the potential to serve as organic electronic conductors. However, recent investigations on such microbial nanofilaments have been confined to a few bacterial genera such as Geobacter, Shewanella and Synechocystis. Here, we report the evidence for longitudinal electron transport through inducible nanofilaments produced by another genus, the metabolically versatile photosynthetic, iron(III) respiring bacterium Rhodopseudomonas palustris strain RP2, in photic, iron(III) oxide-rich environments. In contrast, chemosynthetic dark-grown anoxic cells are weak in their ability to reduce ferric-oxide and no longer produce extracellular structures. Independent evaluation techniques illustrate the induction of extracellular filaments and their electrical properties. Scanning probe and nanofabricated electrode measurements provide conclusive evidence for the occurrence of direct charge transfer along the length and radius of nanofilaments from strain RP2. These findings not only expand our knowledge of the range of bacteria known to produce nanofilaments but also provide further research opportunities in the field of bionanotechnology, sustainable remediation (bioelectrochemical remediation systems) in contaminated sites (petroleum hydrocarbons) and MMI process at photic environments."""
NaN		2025	"Verma, K. and A. Kass (2010). """"Model-Assisted Software Development: Using a 'semantic bus' to automate steps in the software development process."""" Semantic Web 1(1-2): 17-24."""""	" The early phases of the software-development lifecycle (SDLC) for enterprise-scale systems - in particular, requirements elicitation, functional design, and technical design - are difficult to automate because they involve the application of several different kinds of domain knowledge. In this paper, we will provide a vision of how creating semantic models of domain knowledge used in each phase, and defining semantic representation, through which tools in the various phases can communicate knowledge across phases, can help provide more automation both within and across these phases. We refer to the collection of semantic models needed to support this automation as the semantic bus for software development. We refer to the semi-automated process that we envision making use of this bus to support the SDLC as, Model-Assisted Software Development (MASD), which is a variation on the Model-Driven Development idea. We will describe tooling we have built which realizes part of this vision, and will outline a roadmap of potential research opportunities in this space."""
NaN		2026	"Verran, J. (2010). """"Encouraging creativity and employability skills in undergraduate microbiologists."""" Trends in Microbiology 18(2): 56-58."""""	" Key skills such as communication and critical thinking are essential for today's microbiology graduate. There are many opportunities within the undergraduate curriculum to help students to use, develop and appreciate their own unique set of skills. This article describes personal experiences of research-led teaching at Manchester Metropolitan University (UK) which have been used successfully to encourage creativity and other employability skills in both large and smaller classroom settings, and through individual student project work."""
NaN		2027	"Vessey, J. A. and R. F. DeMarco (2008). """"The undergraduate research fellows program: A unique model to promote engagement in research."""" Journal of Professional Nursing 24(6): 358-363."""""	" Well-educated nurses with research expertise are needed to advance evidence-based nursing practice. A primary goal of undergraduate nursing curricula is to create meaningful participatory experiences to help students develop a research skill set that articulates with rapid career advancement of gifted, young graduates interested in nursing research and faculty careers. Three research enrichment models—undergraduate honors programs, research assistant work-for-hire programs, and research work/mentorship programs—to be in conjunction with standard research content are reviewed. The development and implementation of one research work/mentorship program, the Boston College undergraduate research fellows program (UGRF), is explicated. This process included surveying previous UGRFs followed by creating a retreat and seminars to address specific research skill sets. The research skill sets included (a) how to develop a research team, (b) accurate data retrieval, (c) ethical considerations, (d) the research process, (e) data management, (f) successful writing of abstracts, and (g) creating effective poster presentations. Outcomes include evidence of involvement in research productivity and valuing of evidenced-based practice through the UGRF mentorship process with faculty partners. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2028	"Vetter, M. H. and M. Carter (2016). """"Differences between first and fourth year medical students' interest in pursuing careers in academic medicine."""" International Journal of Medical Education 7."""""	" Objectives: The purpose of this pilot study was to assess the differences in the attitudes of first and fourth-year medical students regarding careers in academics. We also sought to identify any factors associated with an increased interest in academic medicine. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted during October 2013 at the University of Louisville. All first and fourth year medical students were invited to complete an online survey utilizing a survey instrument developed through literature review. Demographic data and information about background experiences were collected in addition to participants' perceptions regarding careers in academia using a 5-point Likert scale. Participants were also queried about their current interest in a career in academics and the likelihood they would pursue academic medicine. Results: Of the 330 potential participants, 140 (42.4%) agreed to participate. Overall, fourth-years reported a higher likelihood of pursuing an academic career than first-years. Research experience, publications, distinction track interest or involvement, and belief that a career in academics would reduce salary potential were positively correlated with reported likelihood of pursuing academic medicine. Conclusions: Findings from this pilot study demonstrate differences in interest in academic medicine between junior and senior medical students. Additionally, several factors were associated with a high likelihood of self-reported interest in academic. Based on these findings, efforts to increase medical students' interest in academic medicine careers could be supported by providing more research and teaching opportunities or distinction track options as a structured part of the medical school curriculum."""
NaN		2029	"Villa, E. Q., et al. (2013). """"Affinity Research Groups in Practice: Apprenticing Students in Research."""" Journal of Engineering Education 102(3): 444-466."""""	" Background The affinity research group (ARG) model is a set of practices built on a cooperative team framework to support the creation and maintenance of dynamic and inclusive research groups in which students learn and apply the knowledge and skills required for research and cooperative work. Using situated learning theory, we conducted a qualitative study of current and former ARG members to understand the potential of the ARG for preparing students for graduate school and professional research careers. Purpose Our study investigated how the ARG model influenced students, particularly those from underrepresented groups, in becoming researchers and practicing computer scientists. Design/Method We employed multiple data collection methods, including individual and focus group interviews and participant observation, to investigate whether this model had lasting effects and sustainability beyond the time students spent in an ARG. Results Using themes emerging from our data analysis, we can explain how students become contributing members of ARGs, group identity and cohesiveness are formed, members learn collaboratively, members participate in larger professional communities, and participants' identities are transformed from student to researcher. Conclusions Findings suggest that the structural and procedural elements of ARGs support students' growth and development as researchers and their gradual socialization into broader computer science research and professional communities through legitimate peripheral participation and immersion in situated practice."""
NaN		2030	"Villa, T. F., et al. (2016). """"An Overview of Small Unmanned Aerial Vehicles for Air Quality Measurements: Present Applications and Future Prospectives."""" Sensors 16(7)."""""	" Assessment of air quality has been traditionally conducted by ground based monitoring, and more recently by manned aircrafts and satellites. However, performing fast, comprehensive data collection near pollution sources is not always feasible due to the complexity of sites, moving sources or physical barriers. Small Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) equipped with different sensors have been introduced for in-situ air quality monitoring, as they can offer new approaches and research opportunities in air pollution and emission monitoring, as well as for studying atmospheric trends, such as climate change, while ensuring urban and industrial air safety. The aims of this review were to: (1) compile information on the use of UAVs for air quality studies  and (2) assess their benefits and range of applications. An extensive literature review was conducted using three bibliographic databases (Scopus, Web of Knowledge, Google Scholar) and a total of 60 papers was found. This relatively small number of papers implies that the field is still in its early stages of development. We concluded that, while the potential of UAVs for air quality research has been established, several challenges still need to be addressed, including: the flight endurance, payload capacity, sensor dimensions/accuracy, and sensitivity. However, the challenges are not simply technological, in fact, policy and regulations, which differ between countries, represent the greatest challenge to facilitating the wider use of UAVs in atmospheric research."""
NaN		2031	"Villarejo, M., et al. (2008). """"Encouraging Minority Undergraduates to Choose Science Careers: Career Paths Survey Results."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 7(4): 394-409."""""	" To explore the reasons for the dearth of minorities in Ph.D.-level biomedical research and identify opportunities to increase minority participation, we surveyed high-achieving alumni of an undergraduate biology enrichment program for underrepresented minorities. Respondents were asked to describe their career paths and to reflect on the influences that guided their career choices. We particularly probed for attitudes and experiences that influenced students to pursue a research career, as well as factors relevant to their choice between medicine (the dominant career choice) and basic science. In agreement with earlier studies, alumni strongly endorsed supplemental instruction as a mechanism for achieving excellence in basic science courses. Undergraduate research was seen as broadening by many and was transformative for half of the alumni who ultimately decided to pursue Ph.D.s in biomedical research. That group had expressed no interest in research careers at college entry and credits their undergraduate research experience with putting them on track toward a research career. A policy implication of these results is that making undergraduate research opportunities widely available to biology students (including ""premed"""" students) in the context of a structured educational enrichment program should increase the number of minority students who choose to pursue biomedical Ph.D.s. (Contains 8 tables, 3 figures and 3 footnotes.)"""""
NaN		2032	"Vincent, K. A. (2013). """"The Advantages of Repeat Interviews in a Study with Pregnant Schoolgirls and Schoolgirl Mothers: Piecing Together the Jigsaw."""" International Journal of Research & Method in Education 36(4): 341-354."""""	" Qualitative interviewing is a commonly used approach in the social sciences and is generally regarded as an effective way of developing understandings about everyday experiences and the meanings people attach to them. Where fieldwork time-frames are relatively short, a single interview with each participant is common. This paper explores the potential benefits of adopting a repeat-interview design even when research time-frames are short. Illustrative examples from a study of the educational experiences of pregnant schoolgirls and schoolgirl mothers are used to show what additional data were gathered via the use of repeat interviews as well as how this impacted on data quality. The key benefits of repeat interviews relate to the quality of the relationship that developed with participants over time, the opportunities this afforded to develop understandings about multiple identities and shifting realities and the way in which they allowed the researcher to seek clarification or additional information about issues raised in earlier interviews. The paper concludes that repeat interviews provide opportunities not available within a single-interview research design and that such an approach is particularly appropriate for research that deals with vulnerable populations and sensitive issues or research which aims to capture something about events, experiences and perceptions over time."""
NaN		2033	"Visconti, L. M. (2010). """"Ethnographic case study (ECS): Abductive modeling of ethnography and improving the relevance in business marketing research."""" Industrial Marketing Management 39(1): 25-39."""""	" By extending interpretative methods to business settings, this paper formalizes a model of Ethnographic Case Study (ECS) built upon extensive literature review and abductive elaboration of two-year fieldwork on 12 Italian companies. Objectives and related contributions are twofold. First, key compulsory and complementary stages of ECS marketing research are presented for business contexts. Second, the paper envisions the quality of the knowledge generated through the ECS inquiry, and argues that the methodological peculiarities of this approach may help reduce the relevance gap affecting business research. The systematic cooperation between researchers and practitioners along the ECS phases may benefit relevance through (i) the fine tuning of reciprocal expectations, (ii) the sharing of the research experience, (iii) the multiplication of the beneficiaries of the findings granted by ECS, and (iv) the participation in the process of knowledge dissemination. In this light, the ECS model supports the convincement that methods are not only a way to theory validation but also to theory discovery. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2034	"Visser-Wijnveen, G. J., et al. (2010). """"The Ideal Research-Teaching Nexus in the Eyes of Academics: Building Profiles."""" Higher Education Research and Development 29(2): 195-210."""""	" Research and teaching are supposed to be closely related in universities. Among academics the belief in a symbiotic relationship is strong. However, it is unclear what form this relationship can take. Several authors have presented categories and dimensions to clarify this relationship and the aim of this project was to contribute to this discussion by understanding what academics' ideal research-teaching nexus would look like. The ideal images of 30 academics were investigated using a mental visualisation assignment. Respondents were encouraged to describe in detail what for them the linkage between research and teaching would look like in the ideal situation. Five profiles of the research-teaching nexus could be distinguished: teach research results  make research known  show what it means to be a researcher  help to conduct research  and provide research experience. These profiles are related to dimensions proposed earlier in the literature on the research-teaching nexus. (Contains 2 tables and 2 figures.)"""
NaN		2035	"Vitale, J. M., et al. (2016). """"Distinguishing complex ideas about climate change: knowledge integration vs. specific guidance."""" International Journal of Science Education 38(9): 1548-1569."""""	" We compared two forms of automated guidance to support students' understanding of climate change in an online inquiry science unit. For specific guidance, we directly communicated ideas that were missing or misrepresented in student responses. For knowledge integration guidance, we provided hints or suggestions to motivate learners to analyze features of their response and seek more information. We guided both student-constructed energy flow diagrams and short essays at total of five times across an approximately week-long curriculum unit. Our results indicate that while specific guidance typically produced larger accuracy gains on responses within the curriculum unit, knowledge integration guidance produced stronger outcomes on a novel essay at posttest. Closer analysis revealed an association between the time spent revisiting a visualization and posttest scores on this summary essay, only for those students in the knowledge integration condition. We discuss how these gains in knowledge integration extend laboratory results related to 'desirable difficulties' and show how autonomous inquiry can be fostered through automated guidance."""
NaN		2036	"Viviers, M., et al. (2016). """"Development of a clinical feeding assessment scale for very young infants in South Africa."""" South African Journal of Communication Disorders 63(1)."""""	" Background: There is a need for validated neonatal feeding assessment instruments in South Africa. A locally developed instrument may contribute to standardised evaluation procedures of high-risk neonates and address needs in resource constrained developing settings. Objective: The aim of the study was to develop and validate the content of a clinical feeding assessment scale to diagnose oropharyngeal dysphagia (OPD) in neonates. Method: The Neonatal Feeding Assessment Scale (NFAS) was developed using the Delphi method. Five international and South African speech-language therapists (SLTs) formed the expert panel, participating in two rounds of electronic questionnaires to develop and validate the content of the NFAS. Results: All participants agreed on the need for the development of a valid clinical feeding assessment instrument to use with the neonatal population. The initial NFAS consisted of 240 items across 8 sections, and after the Delphi process was implemented, the final format was reduced to 211 items across 6 sections. The final format of the NFAS is scored using a binary scoring system guiding the clinician to diagnose the presence or absence of OPD. All members agreed on the format, the scoring system and the feeding constructs addressed in the revised final format of the NFAS. Conclusion: The Delphi method and the diverse clinical and research experience of participants could be integrated to develop the NFAS which may be used in clinical practice in South Africa or similar developing contexts. Because of demographically different work settings marked by developed versus developing contexts, participants did not have the same expectations of a clinical dysphagia assessment. The international participants contributed to evidence-based content development. Local participants considered the contextual challenges of South African SLTs entering the field with basic competencies in neonatal dysphagia management, thereby justifying a comprehensive clinical instrument. The NFAS is aimed at clinicians working in Neonatal Intensive Care Units where they manage large caseloads of high-risk neonates. Further validation of the NFAS is recommended to determine its criterion validity in comparison with a widely accepted standard such as the modified barium swallow study."""
NaN		2037	"Vogel, B., et al. (2014). """"Mobile Inquiry Learning in Sweden: Development Insights on Interoperability, Extensibility and Sustainability of the LETS GO Software System."""" Educational Technology & Society 17(2): 43-57."""""	" This paper presents the overall lifecycle and evolution of a software system we have developed in relation to the Learning Ecology through Science with Global Outcomes (LETS GO) research project. One of the aims of the project is to support ""open inquiry learning"""" using mobile science collaboratories that provide open software tools and resources, and participation frameworks for learner project collaboration, mobile data and media capture, publishing, analysis, and reflection. The primary focus of this paper is to report on our technical development, insights and knowledge gained during the past four years. Technical implementations and the prototypes developed in this project have been tested across several educational trials conduced in Sweden and abroad with more than 400 learners. Insights and knowledge gained from these activities verify that learners' requirements were adequately addressed while satisfying their needs. The outcomes and results of our efforts provided us with a better understanding with regard to which software engineering processes and approaches can be used to address and support the complex requirements that emerge in novel mobile learning scenarios. Thus, the results discussed in this paper provide deeper insights into the importance of properly addressing issues related to interoperability and extensibility in order to develop software solutions to support mobile learning that are sustainable and endurable over time."""""
NaN		2038	"Volpe, E. M., et al. (2014). """"Urban adolescent girls’ perspectives on romantic relationships: Initiation, involvement, negotiation, and conflict."""" Issues in Mental Health Nursing 35(10): 776-790."""""	" The purpose of this paper was to describe romantic relationships from the perspective of urban, adolescent girls, to address gaps in our understanding of their relationship dimensions. Minority adolescent girls (n = 17) participated in private semi-structured interviews aimed to elicit the understanding of the adolescents’ perspectives on their own relationship experiences and dynamics. The research team conducted conventional content analysis of the interview transcripts. Four major themes emerged about romantic relationships: (1) influence of male pursuit and social norms on relationship initiation factors  (2) a romantic partner is a confidant, friend, and companion  (3) negotiating intimacy respectfully  and (4) relationship conflict through control and abuse. Adolescents described sub-themes of social norms of male pursuit and relationship pressures that dictated relationship initiation. Relationships were depicted by emotional support, caring, and companionship. Adolescents described positive negotiation skills. However, relationship conflict, including controlling behaviors and violence, was illustrated in these same relationships. This study provides a rich description of romantic relationships from the perspectives of urban, adolescent girls. Most salient findings included social pressures and a combination of both positive and negative attributes. Implications include the need for intervention development at the community level to address social pressures, recognition of positive adolescent relationship attributes, and facilitation of skills to identify and address low-quality relationship characteristics. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2039	"von Baeyer, C. L., et al. (2014). """"Training highly qualified health research personnel: The Pain in Child Health consortium."""" Pain Research & Management 19(5): 267-274."""""	" Background and Objectives: Pain in Child Health (PICH) is a transdisciplinary, international research training consortium. PICH has been funded since 2002 as a Strategic Training Initiative in Health Research of the Canadian Institutes of Health Research, with contributions from other funding partners and the founding participation of five Canadian universities. The goal of PICH has been to create a community of scholars in pediatric pain to improve child health outcomes. Methods: Quantitative analyses enumerated PICH faculty, trainees, training activities and scientific outputs. Interviews with PICH stakeholders were analyzed using qualitative methods capturing perceptions of the program's strengths, limitations, and opportunities for development and sustainability. Results: PICH has supported 218 trainee members from 2002 through 2013, from 14 countries and more than 16 disciplines. The faculty at the end of 2013 comprised nine co-principal investigators, 14 Canadian coinvestigators, and 28 Canadian and international collaborators. Trainee members published 697 peer-reviewed journal articles on pediatric pain through 2013, among other research dissemination activities including conference presentations and webinars. Networks have been established between new and established researchers across Canada and in 13 other countries. Perceptions from stakeholders commended PICH for its positive impact on the development of pediatric pain researchers. Stakeholders emphasized skills and abilities gained through PICH, the perceived impact of PICH training on this research field, and considerations for future training in developing researchers in pediatric pain. Conclusions: PICH has been successfully developing highly qualified health research personnel within a Canadian and international community of pediatric pain scholarship. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2040	"von Renesse, C. (2012). """"Musical palindromes for liberal arts students."""" PRIMUS: Problems, Resources, and Issues in Mathematics Undergraduate Studies 22(7): 525-537."""""	" This paper shows how to teach a mathematics for liberal arts class in an inquiry-based way using ideas from music to launch the mathematical activities. No musical knowledge is required to understand and teach the material. The main activity is analyzing the differences between two kinds of rhythmic palindromes. The content is mathematically interesting, and at the same time accessible to all audiences. Various statements can be proved rigorously without cumbersome notation, symbols, or algebraic computations. Most of the content was developed in collaboration with students in a mathematics for liberal arts class Mathematics & Music at Westfield State University. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2041	"von Renesse, C. and V. Ecke (2015). """"Inquiry-Based Learning and the Art of Mathematical Discourse."""" PRIMUS 25(3): 221-237."""""	" Our particular flavor of inquiry-based learning (IBL) uses mathematical discourse, conversations, and discussions to empower students to deepen their mathematical thinking, building on strengths of students in the humanities. We present an organized catalog of powerful questions, discussion prompts, and talk moves that can help faculty facilitate a classroom focused on mathematical discourse. The paper brings this discourse alive through classroom vignettes and explores various teacher moves and their impacts. The mathematical theme of the classroom investigations, Maypole dance patterns, stems from the learning guide ""Discovering the Art of Mathematics: Dance."""" Both authors are part of the NSF-funded project """"Discovering the Art of Mathematics,"""" which provides IBL materials for mathematics for liberal arts courses, see www.artofmathematics.org."""""
NaN		2042	"von Unger, H., et al. (2010). """"Learning about general practice through qualitative interviews: Lessons from a seminar course with medical students."""" Medical Teacher 32(3): e127-e132."""""	" Background: A seminar course was developed in order to train medical students in qualitative research methods, while providing an introduction to the field of General Practice. Students were enabled to conduct semi-structured interviews with general practitioners (GPs), during which they learned about the prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of frequently encountered medical problems. The course was carried out four times at two universities in Germany. Aims: The study explores the students’ learning experiences focusing on their research experience. Methods: Data were collected in four focus groups and analyzed. Results: The students perceived the course as very different from their usual medical education. This was appreciated, but also caused some difficulties. Three themes emerged: (1) Missing ‘facts’, (2) New horizons: ‘Thinking outside the box’, and (3) The challenge of interpretation: ‘Reading between the lines’. Conclusions: Learning qualitative research methods can be particularly challenging for medical students as the tasks and epistemology of qualitative research run counter to the usual learning formats and research paradigms in medical education. When teaching qualitative research, special care should be taken to address the cognitive dissonance experienced by students and to explain the unique contribution of qualitative research to medical practice and the field of General Practice especially. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2043	"Vong, S. (2016). """"Reporting or Reconstructing? The Zine as a Medium for Reflecting on Research Experiences."""" Communications in Information Literacy 10(1): 62-80."""""	" In a research-based course, undergraduate third year students were asked to submit their reflections on their research experience in the zine medium. While the literature shows that the medium can encourage students to reflect meaningfully about their experiences, evaluating the medium, which is a mix of text and visuals, can be challenging for the instructor. This paper explores the value of zines as a medium for reflection using the 4R Reflection Scale as a framework. The 4R Scale by Ryan and Ryan (2015) outlines four levels--reporting and responding, relating, reasoning, and reconstructing--to determine the depth of thinking in the reflection. The analysis using this scale shows that students were likely to report and respond on their research experience (lowest level on the scale) rather than reconstruct (highest level on the scale)."""
NaN		2044	"Vosper, H. (2009). """"Staff and student perceptions of pharmacy final year research projects."""" Pharmacy Education: An International Journal of Pharmaceutical Education 9(1): 11-17."""""	" Undergraduate pharmacy education is undergoing reform, largely driven by changes in the role of the pharmacist. One area of the curriculum coming under particular scrutiny is the final year research project. It has been suggested that such projects should perhaps play a lesser role in undergraduate education because research is not part of the working remit of most pharmacists. If, as a School of Pharmacy, we are to make an informed contribution to any debate, we must be clear about the role the project currently plays, both within our own institution and at a wider level. This project uses a questionnaire-based approach to investigate the MPharm project provision at The Robert Gordon University, Aberdeen, and demonstrates that the grade achieved in this module has a strong positive influence on final degree classification. Furthermore, both staff and students believe that it offers valuable training in both a professional and educational context. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2045	"Wagner, J. R., et al. (2010). """"Institutionalizing Undergraduate Research for Geology Majors through Creative Inquiry Experiences."""" Journal of College Science Teaching 39(6): 30-37."""""	" The geology program at Clemson University has instituted a new, six-semester-long undergraduate research course sequence that requires student participation in ongoing departmental research projects from their sophomore through senior years. As a part of a university-wide initiative focusing on undergraduate research, termed Creative Inquiry at Clemson University, the experience provides students with the opportunity to address real research problems in Earth science, gather their own data, and interact with a diverse group of students through interdisciplinary group projects that culminate in group presentations and the publication of research results. Students may choose from a variety of research project options, most of which involve environmental monitoring of selected parcels of an extensive tract of university-owned forest land near campus. Assessment of the pilot offering of the sophomore research experience indicated that students recognized the effectiveness of these courses in fostering better inquiry, analysis, and presentation skills. (Contains 3 tables and 3 figures.)"""
NaN		2046	"Wagovich, S. A., et al. (2009). """"Speech disruptions in relation to language growth in children who stutter: An exploratory study."""" Journal of Fluency Disorders 34(4): 242-256."""""	" Young children with typical fluency demonstrate a range of disfluencies, or speech disruptions. One type of disruption, revision, appears to increase in frequency as syntactic skills develop. To date, this phenomenon has not been studied in children who stutter (CWS). Rispoli, Hadley, and Holt (2008) suggest a schema for categorizing speech disruptions in terms of revisions and stalls. The purpose of this exploratory study was to use this schema to evaluate whether CWS show a pattern over time in their production of stuttering, revisions, and stalls. Nine CWS, ages 2 1 to 4 11, participated in the study, producing language samples each month for 10 months. MLU and vocd analyses were performed for samples across three time periods. Active declarative sentences within these samples were examined for the presence of disruptions. Results indicated that the proportion of sentences containing revisions increased over time, but proportions for stalls and stuttering did not. Visual inspection revealed that more stuttering and stalls occurred on longer utterances than on shorter utterances. Upon examination of individual children's language, it appears two-thirds of the children showed a pattern in which, as MLU increased, revisions increased as well. Findings are similar to studies of children with typical fluency, suggesting that, despite the fact that CWS display more (and different) disfluencies relative to typically fluent peers, revisions appear to increase over time and correspond to increases in MLU, just as is the case with peers. Educational objectives: The reader will be able to: (1) describe the three types of speech disruptions assessed in this article  (2) compare present findings of disruptions in children who stutter to findings of previous research with children who are typically fluent  and (3) discuss future directions in this area of research, given the findings and implications of this study. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2047	"Wakeman, C. (2011). """"Information literacy in the context of contemporary teaching methods in higher education."""" Information Literacy: Infiltrating the Agenda, Challenging Minds: 71-84."""""	" This chapter will explore contemporary Higher Education (HE) facilitation methods and their influence on student Information Literacy (IL) skills. Central to the discussion will be 'enquiry-based learning' including problem-based approaches and webquests, each of which has become an integral part of HE practice. Dialectic approaches to delivery and facilitation will also be considered including Socratic methods, which are now commonly used in many HE schools and faculties. The principal aim of the chapter is to broaden commonly held beliefs relating to information literacy to include wider aspects of information access and exchange in the context of contemporary classroom culture. The ability to recognise a need for information, to critically evaluate information and its sources, and then to use that information effectively in order to construct new concepts or create new understandings, is now a fundamental part of HE classroom practice during which contemporary HE students increasingly engage in dialectic processes in the quest for effective learning. In essence, this chapter will seek to expand the concept of information literacy beyond the accepted principles and frameworks established by the Australian and New Zealand Institute for Information Literacy, to include the day-to-day aspects of IL that are often overlooked or unrecognised."""
NaN		2048	"Walaszek, A. and R. Rieder (2011). """"Becoming a psychiatrist-researcher: What it means and how to do it."""" Academic Psychiatry 35(1): 58-64."""""	" This article provides some information and advice for medical students, residents, research fellows, and junior faculty who have such an ambition, or need to respond to an expectation to do research by, for example, a departmental chair or promotions committee. We describe the financial and other rewards for those doing research, the skills that are required to conduct research, the opportunities for obtaining research funding or training that are available at various stages of a psychiatrist's career, the obstacles to success in this endeavor, and some strategies for overcoming those obstacles. We have focused on the various ways to obtain research training and become involved in research at various stages in a young psychiatrist's career. We end by emphasizing that just participating in research is a way of training in research, especially if it's followed by writing for publication. One thereby reviews all aspects of research—hypothesis, rationale, sample characteristics, intervention, outcome measure, results, statistical analysis, and discussion or interpretation. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2049	"Walker, A. (2008). """"European funding: research opportunities for your organisation."""" Transactions of the Institute of Metal Finishing 86(4): 193-195."""""	" Organisations need to develop and adopt improved products, processes and services to be successful and grow in the modern world. The European Commission (EC) supports this through FP7 by funding European-led projects in collaborative research and innovation. The aim of FP7 is to create a cohesive research structure to enable European organisations to compete in current and future global markets. The application of the resulting knowledge in new technologies or other added value factors will support the EC's Lisbon Agenda to make Europe the most competitive and dynamic knowledge based economy in the world by 2010."""
NaN		2050	"Walkington, H. (2012). """"Developing Dialogic Learning Space: The Case of Online Undergraduate Research Journals."""" Journal of Geography in Higher Education 36(4): 547-562."""""	" This paper explores the learning spaces associated with two geography undergraduate research journals. Wikis provide dedicated spaces for postgraduate reviewers to collaboratively develop constructive feedback to authors creating a supportive online learning environment. In becoming published authors, undergraduates reported that they gained not only academic recognition and curriculum vitae (CV) material but an ability to apply constructive criticism, a desire for more dialogue about their research and the motivation to publish further work in the future. This paper concludes that scaffolding the research writing process can be greatly enhanced by the strategic design of dialogic online learning space. (Contains 2 tables and 1 figure.)"""
NaN		2051	"Walkington, H., et al. (2011). """"Embedding Research-Based Learning Early in the Undergraduate Geography Curriculum."""" Journal of Geography in Higher Education 35(3): 315-330."""""	" This article considers the rationale for embedding research and enquiry skills early in the undergraduate geography curriculum and for making these skills explicit to students. A survey of 52 international geography faculty identified critical thinking, framing research questions, reflectivity and creativity as the most challenging research skills to teach early in the undergraduate curriculum. This article provides a range of practical examples illustrating research skill teaching from geography courses internationally. The case studies demonstrate that by embedding research skill development early, scaffolding provided throughout a degree programme can support geography students as they become producers of knowledge. (Contains 4 tables.)"""
NaN		2052	"Wall, K., et al. (2013). """"Comparing Analysis Frames for Visual Data Sets: Using Pupil Views Templates to Explore Perspectives of Learning."""" Journal of Mixed Methods Research 7(1): 22-42."""""	" A key challenge of visual methodology is how to combine large-scale qualitative data sets with epistemologically acceptable and rigorous analysis techniques. The authors argue that a pragmatic approach drawing on ideas from mixed methods is helpful to open up the full potential of visual data. However, before one starts to ""mix"""" the stages of analysis one needs to be aware of the strengths and weaknesses provided by the various qualitative and quantitative perspectives. This article therefore provides a methodological discussion based on empirical research experiences with one visual data set: Pupil Views Templates (Wall and Higgins). The authors investigate two different approaches to the analysis of these data: inductive and deductive processes. The two approaches are applied separately to the same data set and observations are made regarding the affordances and constraints of each process, and the findings and implications for developing visual analysis in this area are presented. The authors show how both processes provide useful insight, but without clear strategy as to how they can be combined to achieve the intent of the research, the true potential of visual data will remain unlocked. (Contains 2 figures and 4 tables.)"""""
NaN		2053	"Wall, T. U. and S. J. Halvorson (2011). """"Wildfire Research in an Environmental Hazards Course: An Active Learning Approach."""" Journal of Geography 110(1): 6-15."""""	" Creating opportunities for students to actively apply hazards theory to real-life situations is often a challenge in hazards geography courses. This article presents a project, the Jocko Lakes Fire Project, that implemented learning strategies to encourage students to be active in wildfire hazards research. Wildfire hazards stand out as an increasing threat to communities in forested areas given current and projected rates of urbanization, the growing concentration of wealth in hazard-prone areas, the increasing costs of forest wildfire reduction, and climate change. Components of the project involved students in problem definition and the articulation of a research plan  identifying and collecting relevant data  and analyzing and documenting the wildfire hazard event. The student-based evaluation of the project and its outcomes highlights the ways in which this approach can increase understanding of local hazard scenarios, familiarity with relevant theory, geographical knowledge, and skills in research."""
NaN		2054	"Walmsley, B. (2013). """"A Reflective Perspective on the Challenges Facing Research-Led Teaching in the Performing and Creative Arts."""" Arts and Humanities in Higher Education: An International Journal of Theory, Research and Practice 12(2): 12."""""	" This article provides a reflective perspective on the role that research-led teaching plays in the development of future arts workers in higher education. It explores the challenges faced by lecturers developing curricula in the performing and creative arts and argues that the increasing focus on employability can conflict with universities' traditional aim of developing conceptual and critical thinkers. The article charges that the UK's higher education sector is rapidly transforming itself into a two-tier system, which is serving to dichotomize vocational and academic learning even further. It concludes with a call for universities, students and employers to reject the false dichotomy between vocational and academic learning and perceive education in a more holistic, longitudinal sense, which might in turn develop more balanced graduates who excel in networked knowledge, conceptual and theoretical imagination and critical, lateral thinking."""
NaN		2055	"Walsh, A. D. and S. A. Woosley (2013). """"High Performers in Marketing and Advertising Majors: Do Their Perceptions of Business Programs Differ from Their Peers?"""" College Student Journal 47(3): 494-498."""""	" This study examined the perceptions of high performing undergraduate students in marketing and advertising majors. Specifically, it examined the relationships among three levels of student performance and student satisfaction with their business programs and learning outcomes. High performing students were more satisfied with their programs and with the overall program effectiveness than low performing students. However, high performing students were less satisfied with the characteristics of fellow classmates. The findings regarding learning outcomes were not as consistent, with high performers reporting higher problem solving, lower using and managing technology, and similar levels for other learning outcomes. Overall, the results have implications for business programs that want to attract, retain, and graduate their high-performers, and they highlight further research opportunities."""
NaN		2056	"Walsh, E. (2012). """"Developing Competencies in Science and Maths in Bulgaria."""" Education in Science(248): 16-17."""""	" Most countries are either reforming their education systems, or thinking about doing so. The EU, through its ""Transversal"""" programme, funds hundreds of study visits every year to enable education professionals to learn at first hand about developments in its member states. The author joined a group from France, Germany, Italy, Portugal, Spain and Turkey studying the development of maths and science competencies in Bulgaria. In this article, he shares what they observed and leaned from the study visit. It is always interesting to visit another country and see how they educate their children. However, the real value of a study visit is greater than that. Looking at another system inevitably prompts questions about one's own. Furthermore, looking at that system alongside people from a number of different countries helps to identify generic characteristics of the challenges being faced and the solutions being developed. It moves the debate on from considering specific questions such as, for example, how many years should a key stage cover or which examination course to use, to broader questions such as about how to engage students in science and maths and the role of approaches such as inquiry-based learning. Many European countries are moving from a focus on """"delivering content"""" to """"developing competencies"""" and this is tied in with the """"learning how to learn"""" agenda. This is important, rather than easy. Supporting effective learning in science and maths means challenging students with problems that are engaging and relate to the real world, i.e. using both intrinsic and extrinsic motivation. They need to see the subjects as tools to make sense of the world and to change it."""""
NaN		2057	"Walsh, E., et al. (2015). """"Doctoral researchers' views on entrepreneurship: ranging from 'a responsibility to improve the future' to 'a dirty word'."""" Studies in Higher Education 40(5): 775-790."""""	" Policy changes prompt many universities to become more entrepreneurial and doctoral researchers, especially those working in science and technology, are expected to play important roles, contributing to the growth of knowledge economies through entrepreneurial activity. Informal evidence of differing views on entrepreneurship between Chinese and British doctoral students prompted a quantitative and qualitative investigation, designed to generate a fuller insight. The findings confirmed that Chinese students were more likely to agree that research should contribute to economic success and to view entrepreneurship as a natural means of doing so, as part of their 'responsibility to improve the future'. In contrast, the British students' views were less positive, with one participant associating entrepreneurship with commerce and a 'dirty word'. The study explores the factors contributing to this range of views and implications for researchers and universities. It concludes with recommendations to produce more informed and proactive engagement of researchers with entrepreneurialism."""
NaN		2058	"Walshe, C., et al. (2008). """"Implementation and impact of the Gold Standards Framework in community palliative care: A qualitative study of three primary care trusts."""" Palliative Medicine 22(6): 736-743."""""	" The Gold Standards Framework (GSF) has been widely adopted within UK general practices, yet there is little understanding of its impact on the provision of community palliative care services. This study presents data on the anticipation and adoption of the GSF within three Primary Care Trusts in North West England. Forty-seven interviews were conducted with generalist and specialist palliative and primary care professionals. Important aspects of the GSF identified were the patient register, communication and out-of-hours protocols. Positive benefits to professionals included improved communication between professionals and appropriate anticipatory prescribing. Negative aspects included increased nursing workload and the possibility of fewer or later visits for patients. Many respondents believed that the GSF needed local champions to be sustainable. Slow or incomplete adoption was reported. The GSF was recognized as important because it facilitated changes to previously difficult aspects of work between professionals, but few respondents reported direct benefits to patient care. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2059	"Walters, K. L., et al. (2016). """"Mentoring the mentors of underrepresented racial/ethnic minorities who are conducting HIV research: Beyond cultural competency."""" AIDS and Behavior 20(Suppl 2): S288-S293."""""	" The majority of literature on mentoring focuses on mentee training needs, with significantly less guidance for the mentors. Moreover, many mentoring the mentor models assume generic (i.e. White) mentees with little attention to the concerns of underrepresented racial/ethnic minorities (UREM). This has led to calls for increased attention to diversity in research training programs, especially in the field of HIV where racial/ethnic disparities are striking. Diversity training tends to address the mentees’ cultural competency in conducting research with diverse populations, and often neglects the training needs of mentors in working with diverse mentees. In this article, we critique the framing of diversity as the problem (rather than the lack of mentor consciousness and skills), highlight the need to extend mentor training beyond aspirations of cultural competency toward cultural humility and cultural safety, and consider challenges to effective mentoring of UREM, both for White and UREM mentors. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2060	"Waltz, J., et al. (2009). """"Feasibility of using video to teach a dialectical behavior therapy skill to clients with borderline personality disorder."""" Cognitive and Behavioral Practice 16(2): 214-222."""""	" This study tested the feasibility of using a psychoeducational video recording to teach a behavioral skill from the Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT  Linehan, 1993a, 1993b) skills training program to individuals meeting criteria for borderline personality disorder. A video presenting a DBT emotion-regulation skill was developed and the extent to which viewers learned the skill material was evaluated via a randomized controlled trial (RCT), utilizing a within-subjects design. Thirty individuals meeting DSM-IV criteria for borderline personality disorder participated. Participants were recruited from mental health treatment settings and were naïve to DBT. Viewing the video was associated with significant increases in knowledge of the skill, relative to viewing a control video, and with increases in participants' expectations of positive outcomes for skill use. In addition, participants rated the video as relevant and helpful. A remarkably high number (80%) utilized the skill taught subsequent to viewing the video when assigned to do so, and overall reported significant decreases in negative affect after using the skill. Video appears to be feasible as a medium for teaching DBT skills material under controlled conditions  future research is needed to examine the effectiveness of video in more naturalistic settings. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2061	"Wang, G. C., et al. (2013). """"A combined framework for modeling the evolution of traveler route choice under risk."""" Transportation Research Part C-Emerging Technologies 35: 156-179."""""	" The paper develops a new framework to model the evolution of traveler route choice under risk. It embeds prospect theory in the replicator dynamics (RD), so as to allow for individual decision behavior while investigate the network state change at the population level. First, the new model is put forward based on a linear piecewise value function, in a two-route network. Some conclusions about the equilibrium states are discussed. Second, four models are formulated in a three-route network, to investigate the day-to-day route choice evolutions under the prospect assumptions. The new framework achieves average travel times no worse than the Expected Utility Theory-based RD framework, significant route switches occur at the same time. The effect of the reference point values are investigated, robust or even tiny bettering-off in average travel times still hold. Obvious route switches occur merely when the reference points fall in a certain interval. Then, taking the fourth model (M4) as an example, the sensitivities of some parameter (-combinations) are examined, the possible implications are discussed. The new framework shows flexibility in incorporating different factors in relation to individual bounded rationality and population dynamics. The possible applications may involve modeling group choice evolutions in occurrence of unexpected incidents, from the aspect of individual risk attitude, perception and decision schemes. Some limitations of the proposed framework and other research opportunities are discussed. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		2062	"Wang, G. G., et al. (2014). """"Moving forward: Exploring unique Chinese phenomena and advancing HRM research."""" Journal of Chinese Human Resource Management 5(1): 2-13."""""	" Purpose - The purpose of this study is to review the current status of the <IT>Journal of Chinese Human Resource Management</IT> (JCHRM) in this initial stage and present a number of emerging unique Chinese phenomena for scholarly attention in relation to JCHRM entering its fifth year. Design/methodology/approach - Based on a review of JCHRM's status, we further reviewed literature and media reports to identify new research opportunities for indigenous Chinese human resource management (HRM) research. Findings - JCHRM has demonstrated its strength and uniqueness in contributing to management knowledge production and dissemination in the first four years, thanks to enthusiastic support from the worldwide research community. Moving forward, we identify a number of intriguing indigenous phenomena, including distinctive social political contexts in state-owned enterprises, emerging trends in embracing the Party Branches (dang zhi bu, <FIGR FIGREF='4650050101001.png'>Fixed graphic 1</FIGR>) by multinational corporations (MNCs) in China and the indigenous Chinese suzhi (<FIGR FIGREF='4650050101002.png'>Fixed graphic 2</FIGR>) phenomenon, for new opportunities in Chinese HRM research. Research limitations/implications - The three indigenous phenomena constitute only a few samples. Developing a theoretical understanding of Chinese HRM phenomena has a long way to go. Continued inquiries in this area will not only help build local knowledge on complex organizational dynamics but also enrich the overall management knowledge base. Originality/value - We review the status of JCHRM in its first four years and bring a sample of intriguing indigenous Chinese phenomena to the attention of the worldwide scholarly community for future research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2064	"Wang, J. T. H. (2016). """"Using undergraduate research to develop transferable skills for the modern workforce."""" Microbiology Australia 37(2): 84-87."""""	" In the increasingly competitive global knowledge marketplace, Australian tertiary educators are looking to enrich their program offerings by providing authentic learning experiences for their students. In the biological sciences, this authenticity is best represented by hands-on inquiry and laboratory experimentation, often within the context of research internships. Authentic Large-Scale Undergraduate Research Experiences (ALUREs) aim to broaden the scope of these learning experiences by embedding research into coursework activities accessible by all students within the program. These experiences can promote learning gains in laboratory, analytical, and critical thinking skills, providing students with a transferable skillset applicable to many career paths across the science sector."""
NaN		2063	"Wang, J. T., et al. (2012). """"Immersing Undergraduate Students in the Research Experience: A Practical Laboratory Module on Molecular Cloning of Microbial Genes."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 40(1): 37-45."""""	" Molecular cloning skills are an essential component of biological research, yet students often do not receive this training during their undergraduate studies. This can be attributed to the complexities of the cloning process, which may require many weeks of progressive design and experimentation. To address this issue, we incorporated an immersive 12-week undergraduate research experience into an upper-level molecular microbiology course. Students completed two 6-week modules where the entire molecular cloning process was carried out for two sets of novel genes implicated in distinct biological processes, microbial cell division and bacterial pathogenesis. The first module trained students in molecular cloning experimental skills, and the second facilitated the application of these skills within a new biological context. Students designed and optimized primers targeted against specific genes, and then PCR amplified, purified, and quantified the DNA of their gene of interest. Using a variety of strategies, students inserted these genes into expression plasmids to produce GFP and His-tag fusion proteins  this was tested through restriction digestion or colony PCR and verified by gel electrophoresis. At the end of each module, students were assessed on comprehension of biological concepts, professional laboratory note-keeping and scientific communication, and proficiencies in experimental procedures. The recombinant plasmids produced by the students directly contributed to ongoing research projects, and the molecular cloning skills learnt are applicable to many career and study options in molecular biology. Overall, this research experience trained students in professional molecular biology and microbiology practice and engages them in producing real-world research outcomes. (Contains 6 figures.)"""
NaN		2065	"Wang, L. P., et al. (2013). """"Barriers to and Facilitators of Research Utilization: A Survey of Registered Nurses in China."""" Plos One 8(11)."""""	" Aims: This survey aims to describe the perception of barriers to and facilitators of research utilization by registered nurses in Sichuan province, China, and to explore the factors influencing the perceptions of the barriers to and facilitators of research utilization. Methods: A cross sectional survey design and a double cluster sampling method were adopted. A total of 590 registered nurses from 3 tertiary level hospitals in Sichuan province, China, were recruited in a period from September 2006 to January 2007. A modified BARRUERS Scale and a Facilitators Scale were used. Data were analyzed with descriptive statistics, rank transformation test, and multiple linear regression. Results: Barriers related to the setting subscale were more influential than barriers related to other subscales. The lack of authority was ranked as the top greatest barrier (15.7%), followed by the lack of time (13.4%) and language barrier (15.0%). Additional barriers identified were the reluctance of patients to research utilization, the lack of funding, and the lack of legal protection. The top three greatest facilitators were enhancing managerial support (36.9%), advancing education to increase knowledge base (21.1%), and increasing time for reviewing and implementing (17.5%), while cooperation of patients to research utilization, establishing a panel to evaluate researches, and funding were listed as additional facilitators. Hospital, educational background, research experience, and knowledge on evidence-based nursing were the factors influencing perceptions of the barriers and facilitators. Conclusions: Nurses in China are facing a number of significant barriers in research utilization. Enhancing managerial support might be the most promising facilitator, given Chinese traditional culture and existing health care system. Hospital, educational background, research experience and knowledge on evidence-based nursing should be taken into account to promote research utilization. The BARRIERS Scale should consider funding and involvement of patients in research utilization."""
NaN		2066	"Wang, Q. (2013). """"Towards a systems model of Coaching for Learning: Empirical lessons from the secondary classroom context."""" International Coaching Psychology Review 8(1): 35-53."""""	" Objectives: Coaching psychology has been increasingly used in the discourse of education. However, there has been a lack of research systematically looking at the nature of coaching in the learning process from a participatory and systems approach. This study aimed to investigate how coaching, implemented in enquiry-based learning, would make a difference to the knowledge construction process, the development of positive learning dispositions and learning agency in secondary students. Design: An exploratory participatory case study within a prototyping framework was utilised. Methods: One classroom in a mainstream secondary school in south-west England was selected as the case. 30 students participated in three prototypes of enquiry-based learning facilitated by teachers who were specifically trained to be coaches. Semi-structured and narrative interviews, focus group and classroom observations were conducted with two teachers and 30 students. Teachers' plans and students' enquiry products were collected in each prototype. Students' learning power was measured by Effective Lifelong Learning Inventory before and after the three prototypes. Results: The thematic analysis and observational analysis showed that coaching in learning was a complex process in which teachers and students moved along different modes of coaching relationships. Noticeable increases in students' independence, learning relationships, confidence, and learning agency were documented. However, the Wilcoxon Signed Test did not show any significant increase in learning power dimensions. Conclusions: It could be concluded that the nature of coaching in learning can be captured in the systems model of Coaching for Learning. The model has important implication for facilitating the enquiry-based learning process. The current study has special value in linking coaching and learning more explicitly and extending our understanding of coaching and coaching psychology to the context of secondary education. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2067	"Wang, S. C., et al. (2012). """"Psychometric testing of the Chinese evidence‐based practice scales."""" Journal of Advanced Nursing 68(11): 2570-2577."""""	" Aim: This article is a report of the psychometric testing of the Chinese version of Evidence‐Based Practice Implementation and Beliefs, and Barriers to, and Facilitators of Research Utilization scales. Background: Investigations into the effect of evidence‐based practice on clinical care could be facilitated by instruments for measuring the levels of evidence‐based practice implementation  the strength of beliefs in evidence‐based practice  the barriers to, and the facilitators of research utilization. An English version of the scales measuring the above constructs has been tested whereas the Chinese one has not. Design: Instrument development. Methods: Psychometric analyses of the four evidence‐based scales were conducted on a sample of 361 nurses from a medical centre in Taiwan. Both the internal consistency and squared multiple correlation coefficients were used to examine reliability. The validity testing for the four scales was estimated by examining their construct and concurrent validity. Data were collected between December 2008–January 2009. Findings: Internal consistencies exist for the Chinese Evidence‐Based Practice Implementation, Beliefs, and Barriers to, and Facilitator of Research Utilization scales ( ≥ 0·85)  some were greater than 0·9, which may indicate redundancy in items. Construct validity of the four scales was supported by hypotheses testing. Concurrent validity of the four scales was supported by known‐group analysis, in which experienced nursing researchers had higher scores compared with clinical nurses. Conclusion: These scales may have value in discrimination between implementation of EBP and perception of barriers to, and facilitators of research utilization among nurses with different education levels, research experiences or working years in clinical setting. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2068	"Wang, T.-S. (2013). """"Design and assessment of Joyful Mobile Navigation Systems based on TAM and Integrating Learning Models applied on ecological teaching activity."""" EURASIA Journal of Mathematics, Science & Technology Education 9(2): 201-212."""""	" This research demonstrates the design of Joyful Mobile Navigation Systems (JMNS), which consists of joyful, mobile, flexible and ubiquitous features. The Technology Acceptance Model (TAM) and Integrating Learning Models (ILM) were used to design the teaching activities of Flow Learning and Inquiry-Based Learning in order to enhance learning motivation and interests for students in the ecological teaching activity. The developed JMNS belongs to a personalized informatin station of KIOSK that contains RFID bar-code recognization, tag reader, input device, mobile computation unit, QR code, mobile display device, wireless local network and operating software. The aim of this research is to design and analyze the JMNS’s characteristics of the external variables, reliability and validity by measuring through the Human-Computer interface, which is achieved through the Questionnaire for User Interface Satisfaction (QUIS) and implemented by using QR Code, GPS and RFID technologies. The developed JMNS have been applied in real teaching activity for improving learning intention. The research results show that the designed JMNS and teaching activity have a positive significant impact on learning motivation, material characteristics, perceived usefulness, perceived ease of use, attitude to use, and behavioral intention. The results also show that only significant of part with support for the students’ system characteristics to the perceived usefulness, and perceived ease of use. That is, system developers should improve the design of Context Awareness System of teaching to help students in mobile navigation and teaching activity to have a comfortable interaction and increased learning intention. Furthermore, using JMNS in teaching activity can simultaneously increase learners’ motivation and offer a more joyful perception to learners during the learning process. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2069	"Ward, B., et al. (2008). """"Incorporating research training into undergraduate pharmacy courses: A case study from Australia."""" Pharmacy Education: An International Journal of Pharmaceutical Education 8(1): 1-6."""""	" There is a dearth of research on the undergraduate research training provided to pharmacy students. We aimed to identify and provide examples of effective pedagogy in teaching research and evidence-based practice (EBP) to undergraduate pharmacy students. In conjunction with the professional competency standards for pharmacists, a review of the pharmacy workforce needs and the relevant pedagogical literature, a range of evidence-based approaches for selecting unit content, teaching and assessment strategies was identified. The authors reflect on the evidence and their multidisciplinary experiences in developing curriculum to demonstrate how pharmacy students can be engaged in deep learning rather than surface learning. Effective pedagogy in research training for pharmacy students will ultimately improve the quality of pharmacy education and the use of EBP principles in practice. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2070	"Ward, C., et al. (2014). """"Mentored Research in a Tribal College Setting: The Northern Cheyenne Case."""" Journal of Research in Rural Education 29(3): 17."""""	" The current study, which focuses on mentored research experiences of freshmen and sophomores at the tribal college of the Northern Cheyenne Nation, responds to the call by Ovink and Veazey (2011) for additional study of effective strategies for providing both mentoring and research experiences for minority undergraduates. We use qualitative data--interviews and observations--to explore the meanings rural tribal college students give to their mentored research experiences and the impact on their academic plans. Findings show that effective mentors develop trust and support for student learning and their personal goals. The data also suggest that successful mentoring strategies facilitate learning by doing and relating to the student's worldview and context. Additionally, non-native instructors who engage in authentic, caring interactions with students can successfully mentor native students in a supportive tribal college context. Tribal college students indicate that, similar to many American Indian university students, they want to return to their reservation communities following completion of college. However, tribal college students bring these interests into their academic plans as freshmen and sophomores. We conclude that appropriate mentoring relationships and relevant research experiences empower tribal college students to pursue their academic goals both in and outside their community as well as prepare to return."""
NaN		2071	"Ward, G. and D. L. Fisher (2013). """"Development and Use of an Instrument for Assessing the Department-Level Work Environment: The Department-Level Environment Questionnaire (DLEQ)."""" Learning Environments Research 16(1): 113-130."""""	" There has been little research into the work environments of teachers at the subject department level. Understanding and investigating the work environment at this level could provide insight into the type of work environment that might lead teachers to remain in the teaching profession. This article reports the development, validation and use of a work environment instrument at the subject department level. The department-level environment questionnaire (DLEQ) was developed using the school-level environment questionnaire as the parent instrument. Both Actual and Preferred Forms of the DLEQ were used. Early-career secondary school science teachers' perceptions of the actual and preferred science department environment in New Zealand were sought. In addition, interviews with 17 % of the participants were conducted in order to find out why the teachers answered the questionnaire in the way that they did. The findings highlight the needs of this particular group of teachers. Future research opportunities for further instrument development and use of the instrument are suggested."""
NaN		2072	"Ward, J. R., et al. (2014). """"Effects of a Research-Infused Botanical Curriculum on Undergraduates' Content Knowledge, STEM Competencies, and Attitudes toward Plant Sciences."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 13(3): 387-396."""""	" In response to the American Association for the Advancement of Science's Vision and Change in Undergraduate Biology Education initiative, we infused authentic, plant-based research into majors' courses at a public liberal arts university. Faculty members designed a financially sustainable pedagogical approach, utilizing vertically integrated curricular modules based on undergraduate researchers' field and laboratory projects. Our goals were to 1) teach botanical concepts, from cells to ecosystems  2) strengthen competencies in statistical analysis and scientific writing  3) pique plant science interest  and 4) allow all undergraduates to contribute to genuine research. Our series of inquiry-centered exercises mitigated potential faculty barriers to adopting research-rich curricula, facilitating teaching/research balance by gathering publishable scholarly data during laboratory class periods. Student competencies were assessed with pre- and postcourse quizzes and rubric-graded papers, and attitudes were evaluated with pre- and postcourse surveys. Our revised curriculum increased students' knowledge and awareness of plant science topics, improved scientific writing, enhanced statistical knowledge, and boosted interest in conducting research. More than 300 classroom students have participated in our program, and data generated from these modules' assessment allowed faculty and students to present 28 contributed talks or posters and publish three papers in 4 yr. Future steps include analyzing the effects of repeated module exposure on student learning and creating a regional consortium to increase our project's pedagogical impact."""
NaN		2073	"Watson, K. and G. Agawa (2013). """"Integrated Language Skills CALL Course Design."""" JALT CALL Journal 9(3): 297-306."""""	" The importance of a structured learning framework or interrelated frameworks is the cornerstone of a solid English as a foreign language (EFL) computer-assisted language learning (CALL) curriculum. While the benefits of CALL are widely promoted in the literature, there is often an endemic discord separating theory and practice. Oftentimes the promise of new technologies is mitigated by a lack of pedagogical consideration. While continuous upgrades are an essential component of any curriculum, using technology as a motivational tool in the classroom without clear and research-based teaching approaches and techniques is a slippery slope. A balance must be struck between infusing educational technology in the classroom with pedagogy. This article illustrates a course design processes, combining CALL usage and pedagogy for second-year language learners in a Japanese university listening course. First, we identify the rationale behind why our institution needed to upgrade the technology used in the classroom. Second, we identify the process of how this CALL listening course was developed. Last, we report on student responses to these technological changes and pedagogical decisions."""
NaN		2074	"Watson, T. (2012). """"Colleague Supervision--""""Ignored and Undervalued""""? The Views of Students and Supervisors in a New University."""" Journal of Further and Higher Education 36(4): 567-581."""""	" Colleague supervision is increasingly used in UK modern (post-92) universities to support the progress of academic staff to doctoral qualifications. Denicolo (2004) argues that it is a ""role relationship that has been largely ignored or undervalued by administration"""" (p. 693) and colleague students and supervisors """"felt more vulnerable"""" than other students/supervisors (p. 706). This small-scale research amongst students and staff in a colleague supervision relationship at a single UK modern university tests Denicolo's (2004) propositions and those of Deuchar (2008) on supervision styles. It found that students did not feel """"vulnerable"""" but considered there were significant benefits from colleague supervision. They, and some supervisors, were also very supportive of group supervision methods that, alongside conventional individual supervision, gave strong support to the progress of colleague students to timely completion of their doctoral studies. As many UK modern universities are attempting to build research capacity through doctoral research training, the use of group supervision alongside colleague supervisors may offer benefits in a time when supervisory capacity has been stretched."""""
NaN		2075	"Watson, W. R., et al. (2015). """"Education 3.0: Breaking the Mold with Technology."""" Interactive Learning Environments 23(3): 332-343."""""	" In order to meet the needs of today's knowledge economy, education needs to move beyond the industrial age approach of treating all learners as if they are the same and adopt a learner-centered model of education suitable for the information age. To support this model, a new and transformative technology is needed that focuses on mastery and customized learning. This article reviews the existing approaches to educational technology before proposing a new, customizable, open, and interoperable technology: a personalized integrated educational system (PIES) that provides full functionality for students, teachers, parents and other stakeholders and bridges the gaps between formal and informal learning. PIES' four primary functions: record keeping, planning, instruction, and assessment, as well as secondary functions, are defined and described. Future challenges and research opportunities are also identified."""
NaN		2076	"Wayne, P. M., et al. (2008). """"INCREASING RESEARCH CAPACITY AT THE NEW ENGLAND SCHOOL OF ACUPUNCTURE THROUGH FACULTY AND STUDENT RESEARCH TRAINING INITIATIVES."""" Alternative Therapies in Health and Medicine 14(2): 52-58."""""	" Few complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) institutions require their students to undergo substantive training in research literacy and conduct, and well-developed programs to train CAM institution faculty in research are virtually non-existent. As part of a National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine (NCCAM) initiative to increase research capacity at CAM institutions, the New England School of Acupuncture (NESA), in collaboration with the Harvard Medical School (HMS) Osher Institute, was awarded a Developmental Center for Research on Complementary and Alternative Medicine (DCRC) grant. This article discusses a number of initiatives that we designed and implemented to train NESA students, faculty members, and alumni in the foundations of clinical research and to stimulate interest in both participating in research and receiving additional research training. Specific initiatives included a 30-hour faculty ""Foundations of Research"""" course"" "" a year-long course entitled, """"How to Write a Publishable Case Report""""""  institution of a monthly research seminar series  revision of an already required student research course  and the addition of 2 new student-mentored independent research electives. We discuss successes and challenges encountered in developing and administering these initiatives and the overall impact they have had on research culture and productivity at NESA. (Altern Titer Health Med. 2008 14(2):52-58.)"""
NaN		2077	"Wayne, P. M., et al. (2010). """"ATTITUDES AND INTERESTS TOWARD RESEARCH AMONG STUDENTS AT TWO COLLEGES OF ACUPUNCTURE AND ORIENTAL MEDICINE."""" Explore-the Journal of Science and Healing 6(1): 22-28."""""	" Background: Collaborative input from clinicians of acupuncture and Oriental medicine (AOM) is required for sound AOM research, and AOM training institutions have begun to include research education into their curriculum. However, few attempts have been made to systematically evaluate AOM practitioners' perspectives on the value of research to their profession. Methods: We conducted surveys of AOM students at two institutions that have begun to integrate research training into their curriculum, the New England School of Acupuncture and the Oregon College of Oriental Medicine. Surveys were conducted to assess current attitudes regarding the value of research and to serve as a reference point for documenting the impact of ongoing research training programs on these attitudes. Surveys at both institutions were independently developed and administered but shared seven questions that were phrased very similarly. This paper summarizes responses to these questions. Results: Surveys at both institutions suggest interest in research among AOM students is high in first-year students  students in later years showed a lower level of interest, but the cross-sectional design of this survey does not allow any temporal effects to be inferred. Results also indicate that AOM students believe research is highly relevant to how both the public and the health insurance industry view their system of healthcare but not highly relevant to their own clinical practice of AOM. The belief that research is of limited relevance to clinical practice was associated with widespread belief that scientific methods may not be consistent with the principles of AOM. Conclusions: Results of these surveys provide important preliminary information about attitudes of AOM students toward research, and thus the value and future specific needs of research training programs targeting this population. Repeated implementation of validated versions of our surveys are needed to confirm the trends we report and to evaluate the impact of research training programs already in place on AOM students' attitudes toward research."""
NaN		2078	"Webber, K. L. (2012). """"The Role of Institutional Research in a High Profile Study of Undergraduate Research."""" Research in Higher Education 53(7): 695-716."""""	" Armed with a strong toolkit of knowledge and skills, institutional research (IR) professionals often serve as collaborators with campus colleagues who may need assistance with survey design, statistical analysis, program review, and assessment of individual programs or the institution. This paper discusses the role that an IR professional played in a comprehensive and high profile study of undergraduate research. The project was grounded in educational theory and principles of academic assessment. It consumed many long hours, but it also yielded gains in IR visibility, heightened professional relationships with campus colleagues, a second sizable grant, and multiple publications. Implications for the IR practitioner, contributions to the scholarship of assessment, and institutional synergy are discussed."""
NaN		2079	"Webber, M., et al. (2013). """"Enhancing student engagement in student experience surveys: A mixed methods study."""" Educational Research 55(1): 71-86."""""	" Background: Measuring the student experience is becoming increasingly important in higher education in the UK. Student experience surveys are used as indicators of quality and form the basis of rankings of higher education institutions. They are also used by them as tools to assist their quality enhancement initiatives. However, these surveys frequently suffer from low response rates, which can reduce the reliability and usefulness of their data. The UK Postgraduate Taught Experience Survey (PTES) is a relatively new survey and suffers from a low response rate. As this survey is new, little is known about why students do not respond to it. Purpose: This study aimed to explore the reasons why postgraduate students do not respond to the PTES. Sample: Three hundred and fifty-five postgraduate taught students from four health faculties in one UK higher education institution completed an online survey. Of these, seven participated in one of two focus groups. Design and methods: The online survey was completed both by students who completed the PTES in 2011 and those who did not. This provided us with cross-sectional data to compare both groups’ knowledge of PTES and their reasons for completing or not completing it. We used multivariate regression analysis to explore which variables were associated with response to PTES. We led two focus groups to explore the themes that emerged from the survey in more depth. This data was analysed by two researchers using thematic analysis. Results: The cross-sectional data found that students who were not clear about the purpose of PTES were less likely to respond, independent of other potential predictor variables. Focus group data indicated that if postgraduate students felt a stronger connection to the university community they may be more likely to respond to PTES. Conclusions: This study suggests that higher education institutions may wish to review their strategies for advertising student experience surveys to focus more on their purpose rather than their impact. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2080	"Weber, D. N., et al. (2013). """"Minnows as a Classroom Model for Human Environmental Health."""" American Biology Teacher 75(3): 203-209."""""	" Understanding human environmental health is difficult for high school students, as is the process of scientific investigation. This module provides a framework to address both concerns through an inquiry-based approach using a hypothesis-driven set of experiments that draws upon a real-life concern, environmental exposures to lead (Pb2+). Students learn how scientists use model organisms to understand basic biological concepts, and how these models relate to human and environmental health. Students observe how Pb2+ alters fish behaviors. Because many levels of biological organization are involved, this module has application for multiple units within general and advanced biology classes. Beginning with what is known about Pb2+ toxicity, students develop testable hypotheses about how it may affect behavior, apply this knowledge to human populations, and identify the ""next experiment."""""""""
NaN		2081	"Weber, D. N., et al. (2016). """"Lights, Chemicals, Action: Studying Red Worms' Responses to Environmental Contaminants."""" American Biology Teacher 78(7): 591-598."""""	" We have developed an experimental module that introduces high school students to guided scientific inquiry. It is designed to incorporate environmental health and ecological concepts into the basic biology or environmental-science content of the high school curriculum. Using the red worm, a familiar live species that is amenable to classroom experimentation, students learn how environmental agents affect the animal's locomotion by altering sensory neuron-muscle interactions and, as a result, influence its distribution in nature. In turn, the results of these experiments have direct application to human-caused environmental disruptions that cause changes in species distribution and indirectly increase the recognition that environmental chemicals affect human health. Students undertake a series of explorations to identify how red worms sense their environment and then apply that knowledge to understand the effects of chemical exposure on locomotor behavior. The activities are designed to generate critical thinking about neuromuscular processes and environmental pollutants that affect them."""
NaN		2082	"Webster, M. (2016). """"Research Opportunities."""" Social Psychology Quarterly 79(1): 5-21."""""	" Social psychology offers abundant opportunities for developing new understandings through research. In my career, many people and circumstances have brought opportunities that initiated, supported, and improved investigations. I illustrate that process with selected instances from my research on interpersonal behavior, theory development, and applications of theoretical work. Our field demonstrates many ways that explicit theory is preferable to common sense, and it also shows the importance of caution and discipline in applying theoretical knowledge for practical ends. Among current opportunities to extend social psychological understanding are developing ways to reduce the status value of certain characteristics and tracking the natural growth and decay of other status characteristics. I hope that social psychologists will become less reticent about sharing our skills, particularly in consulting to businesses and to government on policy formation."""
NaN		2083	"Weitlauf, J. C., et al. (2007). """"Empirically assessing participant perceptions of the research experience in a randomized clinical trial: The Women's Self-Defense Project as a case example."""" Journal of Empirical Research on Human Research Ethics 2(2): 11-24."""""	" A growing body of empirical literature has systematically documented the reactions to research participation among participants in trauma-focused research. To date, the available data has generally presented an optimistic picture regarding participants' ability to tolerate and even find benefit from their participation. However, this literature has been largely limited to cross-sectional designs. No extant literature has yet examined the perceptions of participants with psychiatric illness who are participating in randomized clinical trials (RCTs) designed to evaluate the efficacy or effectiveness of novel trauma treatments. The authors posit that negative experiences of, or poor reactions to, the research experience in the context of a trauma-focused RCT may elevate the risk of participation. Indeed, negative reactions may threaten to undermine the potential therapeutic gains of participants and promoting early drop out from the trial. Empirically assessing reactions to research participation at the pilot-study phase of a clinical trial can both provide investigators and IRB members alike with empirical evidence of some likely risks of participation. In turn, this information can be used to help shape the design and recruitment methodology of the full-scale trial. Using data from the pilot study of the Women's Self-Defense Project as a case illustration, we provide readers with concrete suggestions for empirically assessing participants' perceptions of risk involved in their participation in behaviorally oriented clinical trials. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2084	"Weller, R. and S. A. May (2013). """"Factors Influencing Clinical Students' Perceptions of an Embedded Research Project and Associated Publication Output."""" Journal of Veterinary Medical Education 40(2): 119-127."""""	" In this article, we describe student perceptions of the value of a short, compulsory research project embedded in a clinical degree program, the research output in terms of publications, and the factors influencing this. It was hypothesized that student attitudes toward the project, student perceptions of how much the project contributed to their generic skills, and the number of publications submitted or prepared for submission would be associated with perceived quality of supervision, perceived difficulty of the project, career plans, and attitude before commencement of the project. We explored this using a questionnaire comprising 30 questions that included demographics, Likert scales, and categorical responses. Student attitudes toward research were found to be associated with student attitude before the start of the project, perceived difficulty of the project, perceived quality of supervision, and perceived relevance to the profession. Students thought that the research project contributed most to the skills of ""information gathering"""" and """"critical evaluation"""" and the least to """"teamwork,"""" """"problem solving,"""" and """"oral communication."""" Research output was significantly linked to perceived quality of supervision and the help students received with data analysis and data collection, though not with the project report itself. In conclusion, although the success of the research project was influenced by many factors, the perceived quality of supervision influenced all three outcome measures. Therefore it is clear that optimization of this aspect offers the most scope for enhancing the student learning experience."""""
NaN		2085	"Wennberg, K., et al. (2011). """"The effectiveness of university knowledge spillovers: Performance differences between university spinoffs and corporate spinoffs."""" Research Policy 40(8): 1128-1143."""""	" While much prior research has focused upon how the Technology Transfer Offices (TTOs) and other contextual characteristics shape the level of university spinoffs (USO), there is little research on entrepreneurial potential among individual academics, and to the best of our knowledge, no comparative studies with other types of spinoffs exist to date. In this paper we focus on an important but neglected aspect of knowledge transfer from academic research involving the indirect flow to entrepreneurship by individuals with a university education background who become involved in new venture creation by means of corporate spinoffs (CSO) after gaining industrial experience, rather than leaving university employment to found a new venture as an academic spinoff. We argue that the commercial knowledge gained by industry experience is potentially more valuable for entrepreneurial performance compared to the academic knowledge gained by additional research experience at a university. This leads us to posit that the average performance of CSOs will be higher than comparable USOs, but the gains from founders prior experiences will be relatively higher among USOs whose founders lack the corporate context. We investigate these propositions in a comparative study tracking the complete population of USOs and CSOs among the Swedish knowledge-intensive sectors between 1994 and 2002. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
NaN		2086	"Wenzel, T. J., et al. (2012). """"Role of Undergraduate Research in an Excellent and Rigorous Undergraduate Chemistry Curriculum."""" Journal of Chemical Education 89(1): 7-9."""""	" In 2008, the American Chemical Society's (ACS) Committee on Professional Training (CPT) issued new guidelines for the approval of undergraduate chemistry programs. Undergraduate research continues to meet the requirements for a portion of laboratory hours necessary for a certified degree, and can also contribute to the in-depth course requirements. The CPT supplements on undergraduate research, excellent and rigorous undergraduate programs, and student skills expand on the pedagogical advantages of undergraduate research. The ACS Guidelines and CPT supplements are supportive of the important role that, a research-supportive curriculum can play in the development and training of chemistry students. Departments interested in establishing or strengthening research-rich environments can find support from the ACS Guidelines and from the resources available through the Council on Undergraduate Research (CUR)."""
NaN		2087	"Wert, D. M., et al. (2013). """"The association between energy cost of walking and physical function in older adults."""" Archives of Gerontology and Geriatrics 57(2): 198-203."""""	" To assess the association between energy cost of walking and self-report of function, independent of comorbidity and gait speed, in older adults with mobility limitations. This cross-sectional observational study was conducted within an ambulatory clinical research training center. Forty-two older adults, age 65 and older, with slow and variable gait participated. Function was assessed using the Late Life Function and Disability Index-Basic Lower Extremity Subscale, while energy cost of walking was derived by standardizing the mean oxygen consumption recorded during physiological steady state by gait speed. Comorbidity and gait speed were collected as co-variates. Pearson's r correlation coefficient and regression analyses were used to assess the relationship between energy cost and function. Energy cost of walking was significantly correlated with self-reported function (Pearson's r = -0.50, p < 0.001) "" furthermore, energy cost of walking explained an additional 17% (p = 0.002) of the variance in self-reported function above and beyond the variance explained by comorbidity and gait speed combined. Energy cost of walking is emerging as another significant factor related to functional performance among older adults, even after controlling for comorbidity and gait speed - robust variables known for their strong contributions to function. Knowledge of and attention to the efficiency of how one moves (high energy cost of walking) may enhance rehabilitation efforts to further reduce """"functional burden"""" in older adults. (c) 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved."""""
NaN		2088	"West, C. P. and R. D. Ficalora (2007). """"Clinician attitudes toward biostatistics."""" Mayo Clinic Proceedings 82(8): 939-943."""""	" OBJECTIVE: To assess clinician attitudes toward biostatistics at an academic medical center. PARTICIPANTS AND METHODS: We conducted a cross-sectional survey of medical students, internal medicine resident physicians, and internal medicine teaching faculty at Mayo Clinic College of Medicine in Rochester, MN, in April 2005. RESULTS: Of 468 eligible participants, 301(64.3%) responded to the survey. A total of 87.3% of respondents (262/300) believed it would benefit their career to better understand biostatistics, but only 17.6% (53/301) believed their training in biostatistics was adequate for their needs. A total of 23.3% of respondents (70/ 300) agreed they could identify when correct statistical methods had been applied in a study, 28.0% (84/300) agreed they could design their own research projects with confidence, and 14.6% (44/301) agreed they could conduct their own statistical analyses with confidence. Respondents with the highest self-reported level of statistical education and research experience were more likely to report these skills (all, P <.001), A total of 92.7% of respondents (279/301) believed biostatistics is an important part of evidence-based medicine (EBM), and 88.0% (265/301) believed EBM is. important for clinical practice. However, biostatistics was not evaluated as being as important as many other areas of study within medicine. CONCLUSION: Clinicians across levels of training have low perceived knowledge of biostatistical concepts despite a clear recognition of the importance of these issues. An integrated approach to teaching biostatistics that merges biostatistics with clinically relevant medical discussions, such as those that occur in many EBM curricula for epidemiological principles, may promote learning of biostatistics."""
NaN		2089	"West, C. R., et al. (2007). """"Learning styles as predictors of self-efficacy and interest in research: Implications for graduate research training."""" Training and Education in Professional Psychology 1(3): 174-183."""""	" The literature on research training in professional psychology has yet to address the role of student learning styles on training outcomes. A mail survey of graduate students (N = 132) in professional areas of psychology from 11 universities assessed four dimensions of learning styles, research interest, and research self-efficacy. Students with more active (vs. reflective) and more intuitive (vs. sensing) learning styles reported greater research self-efficacy, and students with more intuitive (vs. sensing) and more verbal (vs. visual) learning styles reported greater research interest. The authors discuss implications for improving graduate research training by encouraging student self-assessment and by providing instruction using balanced pedagogies. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2090	"West, E. and A. Wallin (2013). """"Students' Learning of a Generalized Theory of Sound Transmission from a Teaching-Learning Sequence about Sound, Hearing and Health."""" International Journal of Science Education 35(6): 980-1011."""""	" Learning abstract concepts such as sound often involves an ontological shift because to conceptualize sound transmission as a process of motion demands abandoning sound transmission as a transfer of matter. Thus, for students to be able to grasp and use a generalized model of sound transmission poses great challenges for them. This study involved 199 students aged 10-14. Their views about sound transmission were investigated before and after teaching by comparing their written answers about sound transfer in different media. The teaching was built on a research-based teaching-learning sequence (TLS), which was developed within a framework of design research. The analysis involved interpreting students' underlying theories of sound transmission, including the different conceptual categories that were found in their answers. The results indicated a shift in students' understandings from the use of a theory of matter before the intervention to embracing a theory of process afterwards. The described pattern was found in all groups of students irrespective of age. Thus, teaching about sound and sound transmission is fruitful already at the ages of 10-11. However, the older the students, the more advanced is their understanding of the process of motion. In conclusion, the use of a TLS about sound, hearing and auditory health promotes students' conceptualization of sound transmission as a process in all grades. The results also imply some crucial points in teaching and learning about the scientific content of sound."""
NaN		2091	"Wester, K. L. and L. D. Borders (2014). """"Research competencies in counseling: A Delphi study."""" Journal of Counseling & Development 92(4): 447-458."""""	" Research quality has become the focus of a nationwide discussion, one from which the counseling field is not exempt. One hindrance to improving counseling research is the lack of guidelines for research competence. The purpose of this study was to develop an initial list of research competencies for the counseling field using the Delphi method. An expert panel of counseling researchers reached consensus on 159 research competencies. Suggestions for implementation and future research are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2092	Westerlund, H. (2014). Learning on the Job: Designing Teaching-Led Research and Research-Led Teaching in a Music Education Doctoral Program. Research and Research Education in Music Performance and Pedagogy. S. D. Harrison. 11: 91-103.	" This chapter deals with the basic principles in developing doctoral studies in music education at the Sibelius Academy, Finland. Research is understood as a practice that demands not deep practice-based knowledge and understanding of the subject, music education. It also requires knowledge that is believed to develop most effectively through various 'real-life' research activities in which students can learn formally and informally. In order to further develop the research practice in which individual researchers conduct solo projects, the doctoral program is built around collaboration and collaborative research projects. In these projects teaching is mostly related to publishing, peer-review processes, and taking place within small research projects with the peers and senior researchers."""
NaN		2093	"Weston, T. J. and S. L. Laursen (2015). """"The Undergraduate Research Student Self-Assessment (URSSA): Validation for Use in Program Evaluation."""" Cbe-Life Sciences Education 14(3)."""""	" This article examines the validity of the Undergraduate Research Student Self-Assessment (URSSA), a survey used to evaluate undergraduate research (UR) programs. The underlying structure of the survey was assessed with confirmatory factor analysis  also examined were correlations between different average scores, score reliability, and matches between numerical and textual item responses. The study found that four components of the survey represent separate but related constructs for cognitive skills and affective learning gains derived from the UR experience. Average scores from item blocks formed reliable but moderate to highly correlated composite measures. Additionally, some questions about student learning gains (meant to assess individual learning) correlated to ratings of satisfaction with external aspects of the research experience. The pattern of correlation among individual items suggests that items asking students to rate external aspects of their environment were more like satisfaction ratings than items that directly ask about student skills attainment. Finally, survey items asking about student aspirations to attend graduate school in science reflected inflated estimates of the proportions of students who had actually decided on graduate education after their UR experiences. Recommendations for revisions to the survey include clarified item wording and increasing discrimination between item blocks through reorganization."""
NaN		2094	"Whaley, A. L. and L. T. Noel (2013). """"Academic achievement and behavioral health among Asian American and African American adolescents: Testing the model minority and inferior minority assumptions."""" Social Psychology of Education 16(1): 23-43."""""	" The present study tested the model minority and inferior minority assumptions by examining the relationship between academic performance and measures of behavioral health in a subsample of 3,008 (22%) participants in a nationally representative, multicultural sample of 13,601 students in the 2001 Youth Risk Behavioral Survey, comparing Asian Americans (N = 408) and African Americans (N = 2,600). Specifically, the study examined associations of students’ self-reported grades with suicide risk, substance abuse, and violent behaviors. The findings revealed that high academic performance is a protective factor against behavioral health problems for both ethnic groups. The results raise questions about the focus on high achievement among Asian Americans versus academic underachievement among African Americans. Implications for theory, research, training and practice in addressing the mental health implications of achievement behavior in Asian American and African American youth are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2095	"Wheeler, L. B., et al. (2015). """"The Science ELF: Assessing the enquiry levels framework as a heuristic for professional development."""" International Journal of Science Education 37(1): 55-81."""""	" This study utilized an explanatory sequential mixed methods approach to explore randomly assigned treatment and control participants' frequency of inquiry instruction in secondary science classrooms. Eleven treatment participants received professional development (PD) that emphasized a structured approach to inquiry instruction, while 10 control participants received no PD. Two representative treatment participants were interviewed and observed to provide an in-depth understanding of inquiry instruction and factors affecting implementation. Paired t-tests were used to analyze quantitative data from observation forms, and a constant comparative approach was used to analyze qualitative data from surveys, interviews, purposeful observations and artifacts. Results indicated that treatment participants implemented inquiry significantly more frequently than control participants (p < .01). Two treatment participants' instruction revealed that both used a similar structure of inquiry but employed different types of interactions and emphasized different scientific practices. These differences may be explained by the participants' understandings of and beliefs about inquiry and structuring inquiry. The present study has the potential to inform how methods of structuring inquiry instruction and teaching scientific practices are addressed in teacher preparation."""
NaN		2096	"Whicker, S. A., et al. (2016). """"A meaningful MESS (Medical Education Scholarship Support)."""" Medical Education Online 21."""""	" Background: Graduate medical education faculty bear the responsibility of demonstrating active research and scholarship  however, faculty who choose education-focused careers may face unique obstacles related to the lack of promotion tracks, funding, career options, and research opportunities. Our objective was to address education research and scholarship barriers by providing a collaborative peer-mentoring environment and improve the production of research and scholarly outputs. Methods: We describe a Medical Education Scholarship Support (MESS) group created in 2013. MESS is an interprofessional, multidisciplinary peer-mentoring education research community that now spans multiple institutions. This group meets monthly to address education research and scholarship challenges. Through this process, we develop new knowledge, research, and scholarly products, in addition to meaningful collaborations. Results: MESS originated with eight founding members, all of whom still actively participate. MESS has proven to be a sustainable unfunded local community of practice, encouraging faculty to pursue health professions education (HPE) careers and fostering scholarship. We have met our original objectives that involved maintaining 100% participant retention  developing increased knowledge in at least seven content areas  and contributing to the development of 13 peer-reviewed publications, eight professional presentations, one Masters of Education project, and one educational curriculum. Discussion: The number of individuals engaged in HPE research continues to rise. The MESS model could be adapted for use at other institutions, thereby reducing barriers HPE researchers face, providing an effective framework for trainees interested in education-focused careers, and having a broader impact on the education research landscape."""
NaN		2097	"Whipple, E. E., et al. (2015). """"Evaluation of a BSW Research Experience: Improving Student Research Competency."""" Journal of Teaching in Social Work 35(4): 397-409."""""	" This article examines the experience of 24 BSW students in a faculty-mentored undergraduate research experience (URE) over the course of 1 academic year. In particular, we sought to better understand students' self-perceived sense of competency across 15 specific research skills. In addition, we examined the URE's impact on students' knowledge about and attitudes toward research, as well as anxiety levels about research. A cross-sectional pre- and posttest design utilized both quantitative (survey) and qualitative (focus group) methodologies. All of the students' ratings of their 15 research skills improved over time  3 were statistically significant. Students demonstrated the most gain in evidence-based practice, ability to use statistical software, and data entry and analysis. Both knowledge about and attitude toward research improved significantly. Anxiety levels were surprisingly low. The importance of faculty mentoring is discussed, and suggestions for future research are provided."""
NaN		2098	"White, C., et al. (2008). """"A survey of the views of palliative care healthcare professionals towards referring cancer patients to participate in randomized controlled trials in palliative care."""" Supportive Care in Cancer 16(12): 1397-1405."""""	" Clinical trials in palliative care (PC), especially randomised controlled trials (RCTs), are notoriously difficult to complete. One perceived challenge is gatekeeping, the reluctance of some healthcare professionals (HCPs) to refer patients for research studies. This study aimed to identify the extent of gatekeeping from palliative RCTs. An anonymous questionnaire was sent to 597 HCPs with an interest in PC in Australia and New Zealand to assess their willingness to refer patients for RCTs. Respondents considered key issues that might affect their decision, documented willingness to refer to RCTs of increasing complexity in a hypothetical pain situation and documented the degree of patient inconvenience considered acceptable. Demographic data were collected. One hundred ninety-eight questionnaires were returned (33%), 122 from doctors and 76 from other HCPs. Very few were willing to refer to complicated studies involving many extra tests and/or hospital visits. Non-medical HCPs were less interested than doctors in studies that involved randomisation, placebo controls or double-blind methodology. The majority would refer patients for non-pharmacological studies, but were less willing to refer for pharmacological studies with possible side effects. Non-medical HCPs were less willing than doctors to refer to trials that involved patient inconvenience. Two factors predicted for greater willingness to refer: previous research experience and male gender. The survey revealed an unwillingness on the part of many HCPs to refer patients for RCTs in PC. It identifies trial-related factors that may encourage or discourage referral. Gatekeeping has the potential block recruitment and introduce a selection bias."""
NaN		2099	"White, S., et al. (2016). """"An Introduction to Education Research Methods: Exploring the Learning Journey of Pre-Service Teachers in a Transnational Programme."""" Asia-Pacific Journal of Teacher Education 44(1): 35-48."""""	" Internationally there is interest in developing the research skills of pre-service teachers as a means of ongoing professional renewal with a distinct need for systematic and longitudinal investigation of student learning. The current study takes a unique perspective by exploring the research learning journey of pre-service teachers participating in a transnational degree programme. Using a case-study design that includes both a self-reported and direct measure of research knowledge, the results indicate a progression in learning, as well as evidence that this research knowledge is continued or maintained when the pre-service teachers return to their home university. The findings of this study have implications for both pre-service teacher research training and transnational programmes."""
NaN		2100	"Whittaker, A. A. (2015). """"Effects of team-based learning on self-regulated online learning."""" International Journal of Nursing Education Scholarship (IJNES) 12(1): 45-54."""""	" Online learning requires higher levels of self-regulation in order to achieve optimal learning outcomes. As nursing education moves further into the blended and online learning venue, new teaching/learning strategies will be required to develop and enhance self-regulated learning skills in nursing students. The purpose of this study was to compare the effectiveness of team-based learning (TBL) with traditional instructor-led (IL) learning, on self-regulated online learning outcomes, in a blended undergraduate research and evidence-based practice course. The nonrandomized sample consisted of 98 students enrolled in the IL control group and 86 students enrolled in the TBL intervention group. The percentage of total possible online viewing time was used as the measure of self-regulated online learning activity. The TBL group demonstrated a significantly higher percentage (p < 0.001) of self-regulated learning activities than the IL control group. The TBL group scored significantly higher on the course examinations (p = 0.003). The findings indicate that TBL is an effective instructional strategy that can be used to achieve the essential outcomes of baccalaureate nursing education by increasing self-regulated learning capabilities in nursing students. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2101	"Wigney, T. and G. Parker (2008). """"Factors encouraging medical students to a career in psychiatry: Qualitative analysis."""" Australian and New Zealand Journal of Psychiatry 42(6): 520-525."""""	" Objective: Declining interest in psychiatry is an urgent public health issue and has been the subject of many studies. The purpose of the present paper was to survey the attitudes of senior medical students in order to explore reasons why psychiatry might be regarded as an attractive option as a career. Method: Thirty-three students from an Australian university were asked during a written examination to consider why a psychiatric career might be an attractive choice for medical recruits. Key themes were identified and qualitatively analysed from the open-ended responses to the question: 'On the basis of your clinical experience, consider why a psychiatric career is an attractive choice these days.' Results: Thematic analysis indicated that the factors influencing decisions to specialize as a psychiatrist weighted financial and lifestyle advantages. The main drawcard profile was of challenging work that affords a good lifestyle and stimulating research opportunities. Other themes such as rewarding patient interaction, holistic care and variety were also raised. Conclusion: Concern that the Australian psychiatric profession is failing to attract sufficient numbers of high-quality recruits is growing. While the majority of essays analysed in this account suggested that the students perceived psychiatry as an adequate career that affords the benefits of a balanced lifestyle, the constraining nature of the survey question compelled examinees to provide positive responses. Despite this bias, the responses are nonetheless revealing and contribute to understanding of the factors that may influence trainees to enter the field. On the whole, it would appear that the discipline is currently not exciting keen passions in medical students. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2102	"Wijnia, L., et al. (2014). """"Do students’ topic interest and tutors’ instructional style matter in problem-based learning?"""" Journal of Educational Psychology 106(4): 919-933."""""	" Two studies investigated the importance of initial topic interest (i.e., expectation of interest) and tutors’ autonomy-supportive or controlling instructional styles for students’ motivation and performance in problem-based learning (PBL). In Study 1 (N = 93, a lab experiment), each student participated in a simulated group discussion in which tutor instructions were manipulated to be autonomy supportive, internally controlling, or externally controlling. Controlling tutor instructions led to higher controlled motivation, but autonomy-supportive instructions did not relate to students’ autonomous motivation and performance measures. Higher topic interest resulted in higher autonomous motivation and contributed indirectly to more self-study time and persistence. Self-study time was in turn associated with better test performance. A field study (N = 287, Study 2) supported the findings of Study 1. Tutor-provided autonomy support was unrelated to autonomous motivation, while a controlling instructional style led to higher controlled motivation and negatively affected performance. Again, topic interest positively influenced autonomous motivation and subsequent performance. Both studies demonstrate the importance of students’ initial topic interest for subsequent performance in PBL. Results also indicate that in PBL, tutor-provided autonomy support does not improve autonomous motivation and performance, whereas controlling tutoring can promote controlled motivation and hamper performance. Implications and further research opportunities are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2103	"Wiklund, J. and D. A. Shepherd (2011). """"Where to From Here? EO-as-Experimentation, Failure, and Distribution of Outcomes."""" Entrepreneurship Theory and Practice 35(5): 925-946."""""	" This article examines two potential causal mechanisms underlying the observed entrepreneurial orientation (EO)-performance relationship. We find empirical support for the notion that EO might be a performance-variance-enhancing strategic orientation rather than a performance-mean-enhancing orientation. With such a conceptualization, performance variance (along with, or instead of, mean performance) and failure take center stage. To address the question of ""where to from here,"""" we discuss a number of research opportunities that we believe are going to make important contributions to the entrepreneurship and strategy literature."""""
NaN		2104	"Wilkes, L. M. and S. Mohan (2008). """"Nurses in the clinical area: Relevance of a PhD."""" Collegian 15(4): 135-141."""""	" This project aimed to explore the application and relevance of a PhD to nurses working in the clinical area. The complexity of nursing practice requires clinical nurses to be competent as investigators and professional leader!  who could help structure nursing practice in more efficient ways. Research proposes that a PhD offers limited employment opportunities, is mainly research oriented and tends to direct a nurse away from the clinical field. A mixed method study design utilising surveys and interviews was chosen to collect data for this study. Participants were nurses with a doctoral degree working/having worked in a clinical area after obtaining their PhD Nurses were recruited through student databases from Australian universities that offer doctoral degrees in nursing and also by using a snowball sampling technique. The majority of the 19 nurses who participated in the study had: varied expectation of doing a PhD  maintained their clinical positions after obtaining their doctoral degree, considered that the degree helped them to obtain better jobs/promotions and acknowledged the value of the PhD in patient care, in improving research and informing health policy. This study has exposed the positive aspects of completing a PhD and identifies its constructive application in the clinical area. It is essential to provide support and opportunities for nurses working in the clinical area to pursue doctoral degrees in order to enable them to enhance knowledge and build confidence and leadership skills and contribute to the improvement of nursing practice and the continued development of the profession. (C) 2008 Royal College of Nursing, Australia. Published by Elsevier Australia (a division of Reed International Books Australia Pty Ltd). All rights reserved."""
NaN		2105	"Willbur, J. F., et al. (2016). """"Expression, Purification, and Characterization of a Carbohydrate-Active Enzyme: A Research-Inspired Methods Optimization Experiment for the Biochemistry Laboratory."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 44(1): 75-85."""""	" The development and implementation of research-inspired, discovery-based experiences into science laboratory curricula is a proven strategy for increasing student engagement and ownership of experiments. In the novel laboratory module described herein, students learn to express, purify, and characterize a carbohydrate-active enzyme using modern techniques and instrumentation commonly found in a research laboratory. Unlike in a traditional cookbook-style experiment, students generate their own hypotheses regarding expression conditions and quantify the amount of protein isolated using their selected variables. Over the course of three 3-hour laboratory periods, students learn to use sterile technique to express a protein using recombinant DNA in E. coli, purify the resulting enzyme via affinity chromatography and dialysis, analyze the success of their purification scheme via SDS-PAGE, assess the activity of the enzyme via an HPLC-based assay, and quantify the amount of protein isolated via a Bradford assay. Following the completion of this experiment, students were asked to evaluate their experience via an optional survey. All students strongly agreed that this laboratory module was more interesting to them than traditional experiments because of its lack of a predetermined outcome and desired additional opportunities to participate in the experimental design process. This experiment serves as an example of how research-inspired, discovery-based experiences can benefit both the students and instructor  students learned important skills necessary for real-world biochemistry research and a more concrete understanding of the research process, while generating new knowledge to enhance the scholarly endeavors of the instructor. (C) 2015 by The International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, 44: 75-85, 2016."""
NaN		2106	"Willemse, M. T. and F. Boei (2013). """"Teacher Educators' Research Practices: An Explorative Study of Teacher Educators' Perceptions on Research."""" Journal of Education for Teaching: International Research and Pedagogy 39(4): 354-369."""""	" Research conducted by teacher educators is considered important for their professional development, their actual teaching practice and their body of knowledge. However, for many teacher educators in Universities of Applied Sciences (UAS) in the Netherlands, research is a new challenge. A survey was conducted among 508 such teacher educators exploring their perceptions towards research. They were questioned about the aims of research within a UAS, their perceived capabilities to conduct research and their need for support. Subsequently, 10 teacher educators were interviewed to elaborate on the findings and to gain further insight. Research is considered vital for their professional development, and their development is seen as an important means to improve the quality of the curriculum for teacher education. Teacher educators emphasise the need for communities of inquiry in which they can collaborate on research, improve their skills, develop a shared language and contribute to the body of knowledge in teacher education."""
NaN		2107	"Willett, L., et al. (2010). """"Effects of brain-derived neurotrophic factor on sodium-induced apoptosis in human olfactory neuroepithelial progenitor cells."""" Psychiatry Research 178(2): 391-394."""""	" Low levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) peptide are linked to the pathophysiology of mood disorders. Several single-nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) across the BDNF gene (BDNF) have been associated with bipolar illness. Since both elevated intracellular sodium and apoptosis are believed to contribute to cellular dysfunction in bipolar disorder, it is important to determine the effect of exogenous BDNF on apoptosis induced by the high levels of intracellular sodium seen in ill bipolar patients. Human olfactory neuroepithelial progenitor cells were treated with monensin, a sodium ionophore that increases intracellular sodium and leads to apoptosis. Apoptosis was quantified with enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) for mono- and oligonucleosomes. Elevation of intracellular sodium concentration by monensin induced apoptosis. BDNF 100ng/mL pretreatment or co-treatment attenuated the monensin-induced apoptosis. Pretreatment with BDNF for 24 h reduced monensin-induced apoptosis by 93%. Co-treatment of BDNF and monensin increased intracellular sodium concentration and reduced apoptosis by 66%. Monensin for 24 h models a process that is believed to occur during ill phases of bipolar illness. Treatment with BDNF greatly attenuates or prevents monensin-induced apoptosis. The functional consequences of BDNF SNPs, known to be associated with bipolar illness, need to be examined. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2108	"Williams, D., et al. (2015). """"Perspectives of behavioral health clinicians in a rural integrated primary care/mental health program."""" The Journal of Rural Health 31(4): 346-353."""""	" Purpose: This study compares the perspectives of rural and urban mental health clinicians working in various Washington State Community Health Centers that have implemented an integrated primary care/mental health program. Methods: We conducted a Web-based survey of mental health clinicians (n = 71) who work in an integrated primary care/mental health program ('the program') in 1 of 150 safety net primary care clinics in Washington State. Most participating clinics are Federally Qualified Health Centers or Rural Health Clinics. Pooled survey results from clinicians working in rural settings were compared to those working in urban settings. Semistructured interviews were conducted with a subset (n = 32) of survey respondents. Comments made during these interviews were analyzed for themes. Findings: In the survey phase, both rural and urban clinicians generally agreed that the program benefitted their patients. Rural respondents were particularly appreciative of the flexibility that the program offered when planning care. Not surprisingly, social service limitations (such as housing or transportation services) were more often mentioned as program limitations. Rural clinicians were more likely to note a lack of awareness of program resources among other medical providers on the team. Conclusions: Clinicians working in rural primary care clinics value the availability and flexibility of an integrated primary care/mental health program as an option for providing mental health care for their patients. Clinicians working in rural settings could benefit from additional training and program implementation support to best meet the needs of their patients. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2109	"Williams, J. R., et al. (2010). """"Improving public health training and research capacity in Africa: a replicable model for linking training to health and socio-demographic surveillance data."""" Global Health Action 3."""""	" Background: Research training for public health professionals is key to the future of public health and policy in Africa. A growing number of schools of public health are connected to health and socio-demographic surveillance system field sites in developing countries, in Africa and Asia in particular. Linking training programs with these sites provides important opportunities to improve training, build local research capacity, foreground local health priorities, and increase the relevance of research to local health policy. Objective: To increase research training capacity in public health programs by providing targeted training to students and increasing the accessibility of existing data. Design: This report is a case study of an approach to linking public health research and training at the University of the Witwatersrand. We discuss the development of a sample training database from the Agincourt Health and Socio-demographic Surveillance System in South Africa and outline a concordant transnational intensive short course on longitudinal data analysis offered by the University of the Witwatersrand and the University of Colorado-Boulder. This case study highlights ways common barriers to linking research and training can be overcome. Results and Conclusions: This collaborative effort demonstrates that linking training to ongoing data collection can improve student research, accelerate student training, and connect students to an international network of scholars. Importantly, the approach can be adapted to other partnerships between schools of public health and longitudinal research sites."""
NaN		2110	"Williamson, B. and J. Morgan (2009). """"Educational Reform, Enquiry-Based Learning and the Re-Professionalisation of Teachers."""" Curriculum Journal 20(3): 287-304."""""	" This article explores the implications for teacher education and continuous professional development (CPD) of enquiry-based learning, by drawing specifically on data collected during a four-year curriculum development and research project, Enquiring Minds (2005-9). Within the partnership approach to curriculum design endorsed by the project, teachers need to demonstrate commitment to the personal narratives of those they teach. Participating teachers have experienced this shift in their practice as a challenge both to their established routines and to their own professional narratives. Furthermore, it has become evident that adopting enquiry-based practices is at least partly influenced by teachers' own narrative pathways and professional biographies. In particular, some teachers have interpreted their renewed role as preparing children for a ""high skills"""" new media age, while others have developed a more child-centred focus that draws on their own prior experiences of informal youth work and volunteering. The focus will therefore be on teacher re-professionalisation in the context of enquiry learning as well as in a policy context where child-centred """"enquiry-based learning"""" and a """"high skills"""" economy are in a taut relationship."""""
NaN		2111	"Williamson, T. (2013). """"Calculating Pi Using the Monte Carlo Method."""" Physics Teacher 51(8): 468-469."""""	" During the summer of 2012, I had the opportunity to participate in a research experience for teachers at the center for sustainable energy at Notre Dame University (RET @ cSEND) working with Professor John LoSecco on the problem of using antineutrino detection to accurately determine the fuel makeup and operating power of nuclear reactors. During full power operation, a reactor may produce 10[superscript 21] antineutrinos per second with approximately 100 per day being detected. While becoming familiar with the design and operation of the detectors, and how total antineutrino flux could be obtained from such a small sample, I read about a simulation program called Monte Carlo. Further investigation led me to the Monte Carlo method page of Wikipedia where I saw an example of approximating pi using this simulation. Other examples where this method was applied were typically done with computer simulations or purely mathematical. It is my belief that this method may be easily related to the students by performing the simple activity of sprinkling rice on an arc drawn in a square. The activity that follows was inspired by those simulations and was used by my AP Physics class last year with very good results."""
NaN		2112	"Willinsky, J. and M. Quint-Rapoport (2007). """"How complementary and alternative medicine practitioners use PubMed."""" Journal of Medical Internet Research 9(2)."""""	" Background: PubMed is the largest bibliographic index in the life sciences. It is freely available online and is used by professionals and the public to learn more about medical research. While primarily intended to serve researchers, PubMed provides an array of tools and services that can help a wider readership in the location, comprehension, evaluation, and utilization of medical research. Objective: This study sought to establish the potential contributions made by a range of PubMed tools and services to the use of the database by complementary and alternative medicine practitioners. Methods: In this study, 10 chiropractors, 7 registered massage therapists, and a homeopath (N=18), 11 with prior research training and 7 without, were taken through a 2-hour introductory session with PubMed. The 10 PubMed tools and services considered in this study can be divided into three functions: (1) information retrieval (Boolean Search, Limits, Related Articles, Author Links, MeSH), (2) information access (Publisher Link, LinkOut, Bookshelf), and (3) information management (History, Send To, Email Alert). Participants were introduced to between six and 10 of these tools and services. The participants were asked to provide feedback on the value of each tool or service in terms of their information needs, which was ranked as positive, positive with emphasis, negative, or indifferent. Results: The participants in this study expressed an interest in the three types of PubMed tools and services (information retrieval, access, and management), with less well-regarded tools including MeSH Database and Bookshelf. In terms of their comprehension of the research, the tools and services led the participants to reflect on their understanding as well as their critical reading and use of the research. There was universal support among the participants for greater access to complete articles, beyond the approximately 15% that are currently open access. The abstracts provided by PubMed were felt to be necessary in selecting literature to read but entirely inadequate for both evaluating and learning from the research. Thus, the restrictions and fees the participants faced in accessing full-text articles were points of frustration. Conclusions: The study found strong indications of PubMed's potential value in the professional development of these complementary and alternative medicine practitioners in terms of engaging with and understanding research. It provides support for the various initiatives intended to increase access, including a recommendation that the National Library of Medicine tap into the published research that is being archived by authors in institutional archives and through other websites."""
NaN		2113	"Willis, D. A., et al. (2013). """"The Influence of a Research Experiences for Undergraduates Program on Student Perceptions and Desire to Attend Graduate School."""" Journal of STEM Education: Innovations and Research 14(2): 21-28."""""	" Undergraduate research opportunities are valued by university faculty and administrators in part because of the belief that they are useful for attracting students to graduate school. Other perceived benefits are that these programs improve students' engagement in their respective disciplines, enhance students' understanding of theory by application to practical problems, and improve students' oral and written communication skills. This study evaluates an eight-week Research Experiences for Undergraduates (REU) program in the Department of Mechanical Engineering at Southern Methodist University to determine how the program influenced participants' perceptions of engineering research and their desire to attend graduate school. The program occurred over three consecutive summers involving students who were selected from a nation-wide pool of applicants. Unlike most retrospective-only, quantitative studies of students who participate in undergraduate research, the current study reports results of before-program and after-program surveys and focus groups conducted on-site. The use of qualitative methods to probe for global and specific attitudes toward engineering research provided a diagnostic element to the analysis that complemented typical learning outcome results. Participants indicated many positive aspects of the REU experience, including an increased understanding of engineering research, how to deal with uncertainty and setbacks in the laboratory, and gaining hands-on laboratory experience. Students said the experience would help them make a more educated decision regarding the pursuit of graduate studies, but in contrast to other published studies it did not necessarily increase their desire to pursue a graduate engineering degree. Positive outcomes of the program appear to be linked to the age of participants, with more positive outcomes associated with more mature students. Implications for managers and facilitators of undergraduate research opportunities are discussed. (Contains 5 tables.)"""
NaN		2114	Willison, J. and K. O'Regan (2007). Commonly Known, Commonly Not Known, Totally Unknown: A Framework for Students becoming Researchers, Routledge. , 325 Chestnut Street Suite 800, Philadelphia, PA 19106. 26: 393-409.	" Providing undergraduate students with research experience has been asserted as a way of reinventing university education. This assertion lacks both substantial empirical evidence and a coherent theoretical framework. In this paper, the authors consider both research and theory relating to undergraduate research and present the Research Skill Development framework, which can be used to both chart and monitor students' research skill development. An example is given of the practical application of this framework, together with associated preliminary research findings. Further related research directions are also suggested. (Contains 1 figure.)"""
NaN		2115	"Willison, J. W. (2012). """"When academics integrate research skill development in the curriculum."""" Higher Education Research & Development 31(6): 905-919."""""	" This study considered outcomes when 27 academics explicitly developed and assessed student research skills in 28 regular (non-research methods) semester-length courses. These courses ranged from small (n = 17) to medium-large (n = 222) and included those from first year to masters in business, engineering, health science, humanities and science, across five universities in three Australian cities. The two-year study used three data sets to determine the outcomes of development and assessment initiatives: student pre- (n = 779) and post-questionnaires (n = 601), interviews with students (n = 46) one year after completing a course that developed research skills and interviews with academics (n = 17) involved in developing and assessing student research skills. These multiple sources provided evidence that students developed a variety of discipline-specific research skills and that these skills were useful for subsequent studies and especially for employment. Academics indicated that the process of making explicit the development of student research skills led to enhancement of their teaching, helping the academics to clarify major course purposes as well as enabling them to provide more substantial feedback to students than in the past. Academics also indicated that this teaching process changed their understanding of disciplinary research and, for some, even suggested new directions in their research."""
NaN		2118	"Wilson, A., et al. (2012). """"Academics' perceptions of the purpose of undergraduate research experiences in a research-intensive degree."""" Studies in Higher Education 37(5): 513-526."""""	" The inclusion of research experiences as core components of undergraduate curricula implies that students will be exposed to and situated within the research activities of their university. Such experiences thus provide a new prism through which to view the relations between teaching, research and learning. The intentions and actions of academics supervising these activities will be strongly influenced by their beliefs regarding the nature of research, and the relation between research and learning in the undergraduate context. Surveys of academics supervising such experiences reveal a range of intentions, only some of which address the higher order and critical thinking skills associated with research or independent learning. This may indicate a lack of deep reflection on the purpose of exposing undergraduates to research, but may also be due to the predominance of a hierarchical view of the process by which one makes the transition from student to researcher."""
NaN		2117	"Wilson, A., et al. (2013). """"Connecting expectations and experiences of students in a research-immersive degree."""" Studies in Higher Education 38(10): 1562-1576."""""	" Recent studies of undergraduates engaged in authentic research have suggested that students may benefit in a range of different ways from such experiences. However, these same studies have also shown significant variation in the extent and universality of these benefits. This article investigates the impact of one potential source of variation in perceived benefits: students' prior expectations of what research experiences might offer. The authors' surveys of students enrolling in a research-immersive undergraduate science degree indicate a range of anticipated benefits from or opportunities within the degree, only some of which address preparation for research or the development of generic research skills. The benefits that students report gaining from their involvement in the program appear to be constrained by these prior expectations. The authors suggest that these constraints may be connected to students' understanding of the nature of science and scientific research."""
NaN		2116	"Wilson, A., et al. (2016). """"Assessing the Unassessable: Making Learning Visible in Undergraduates' Experiences of Scientific Research."""" Assessment & Evaluation in Higher Education 41(6): 901-916."""""	" We suggest that academics involved in the provision of research experiences to undergraduate science students may benefit by reconceptualising these experiences as work-based learning. In particular, drawing on the widespread use of reflective practice in work-based learning allows for a more effective focus on process-related learning. We describe an empirical study involving the implementation of reflective blogs in which science students responded to prompt questions designed to focus their attention on how their project was progressing, the process of research and their own learning. The blogs reveal examples of students engaging in independent thinking, creative thinking and developing a sense of themselves as scientists, all qualities valued by supervisors. They also show how these combine as ""wicked competences"""" that allow students to address the complex problems and uncertainties of research. We identify characteristic patterns of reflection that indicate the exercise of such competences and suggest that these could be used as explicit evidence by academics making judgements for assessment purposes."""""
NaN		2120	"Wilson, C. D., et al. (2010). """"The relative effects and equity of inquiry-based and commonplace science teaching on students' knowledge, reasoning, and argumentation."""" Journal of Research in Science Teaching 47(3): 276-301."""""	" We conducted a laboratory-based randomized control study to examine the effectiveness of inquiry-based instruction. We also disaggregated the data by student demographic variables to examine if inquiry can provide equitable opportunities to learn. Fifty-eight students aged 14-16 years old were randomly assigned to one of two groups. Both groups of students were taught toward the same learning goals by the same teacher, with one group being taught from inquiry-based materials organized around the BSCS 5E Instructional Model, and the other from materials organized around commonplace teaching strategies as defined by national teacher survey data. Students in the inquiry-based group reached significantly higher levels of achievement than students experiencing commonplace instruction. This effect was consistent across a range of learning goals (knowledge, reasoning, and argumentation) and time frames (immediately following the instruction and 4 weeks later). The commonplace science instruction resulted in a detectable achievement gap by race, whereas the inquiry-based materials instruction did not. We discuss the implications of these findings for the body of evidence on the effectiveness of teaching science as inquiry  the role of instructional models and curriculum materials in science teaching  addressing achievement gaps  and the competing demands of reform and accountability. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2119	"Wilson, C., et al. (2010). """"A potential model for the first all Wales mental health service user and carer-led research group."""" Journal of Psychiatric and Mental Health Nursing 17(1): 31-38."""""	" Service user and carer involvement in research has been gaining momentum in recent years. However, this involvement to date has primarily been as research respondents or ‘subjects’ in research studies. A group of mental health service users at a University in Wales underwent empowerment and research training to enable them to become active participants in the research process  this training was a necessary step to equip mental health service users with the skills to become independent researchers and to carry out service user-led research. We included transcripts from mental health service users on their views of the empowerment and research training received. We are not reporting, in this paper, on the findings from a research study rather it aims to inform readers how a service user and carer-led research group has been established in Wales. The group has two purposes: (1) to train service users in research methodologies, and thus for them to gain essential research skills  and (2) to undertake their own service user and carer-led research projects thereby implementing the research skills they have acquired from the training. The latter is a primary aim of the group  a future paper will report on its development. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2121	"Wilson, D. S., et al. (2012). """"An ET-CURE pilot project supporting undergraduate training in cancer research, emerging technology, and health disparities."""" Journal of Cancer Education 27(3): 418-427."""""	" The National Cancer Institute’s Center to Reduce Cancer Health Disparities has created pilot training opportunities under the 'Continuing Umbrella of Research Experiences' program that focus on emerging technologies. In this pilot project, an 18-month cancer biology research internship was reinforced with: instruction in an emerging technology (proteomics), a transition from the undergraduate laboratory to a research setting, education in cancer health disparities, and community outreach activities. A major goal was to provide underrepresented undergraduates with hands-on research experiences that are rarely encountered at the undergraduate level, including mentoring, research presentations, and participation in local and national meetings. These opportunities provided education and career development for the undergraduates, and they have given each student the opportunity to transition from learning to sharing their knowledge and from being mentored to mentoring others. Here, we present the concepts, curriculum, infrastructure, and challenges for this training program along with evaluations by both the students and their mentors. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2122	"Wilson, M., et al. (2015). """"Empowering nurses with evidence‐based practice environments: Surveying Magnet®, Pathway to Excellence®, and non‐magnet facilities in one healthcare system."""" Worldviews on Evidence-Based Nursing 12(1): 12-21."""""	" Background: Nurses have an essential role in implementing evidence‐based practices (EBP) that contribute to high‐quality outcomes. It remains unknown how healthcare facilities can increase nurse engagement in EBP. Purpose To determine whether individual or organizational qualities could be identified that were related to registered nurses’ (RNs’) readiness for EBP as measured by their reported EBP barriers, ability, desire, and frequency of behaviors. Methods: A descriptive cross‐sectional survey was used in which a convenience sample of 2,441 nurses within one United States healthcare system completed a modified version of the Information Literacy for Evidence‐Based Nursing questionnaire. Descriptive statistics, t tests, one‐way ANOVA, and regression modeling were used to analyze the data. Results: RNs employed by facilities designated by the American Nurses Credentialing Center (ANCC) as Magnet® or Pathway to Excellence® reported significantly fewer barriers to EBP than those RNs employed by non designated facilities. RNs in Magnet organizations had higher desire for EBP than Pathway to Excellence or non designated facilities. RNs educated at the baccalaureate level or higher reported significantly fewer barriers to EBP than nurses with less education  they also had higher EBP ability, desire, and frequency of behaviors. A predictive model found higher EBP readiness scores among RNs who participated in research, had specialty certifications, and engaged in a clinical career development program. Linking Evidence to Action: Education, research, and certification standards promoted by the Magnet program may provide a nursing workforce that is better prepared for EBP. Organizations should continue structural supports that increase professional development and research opportunities so nurses are empowered to practice at their full capacity. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2123	"Windish, D. M., et al. (2007). """"Medicine residents' understanding of the biostatistics and results in the medical literature."""" JAMA: Journal of the American Medical Association 298(9): 1010-1022."""""	" Context: Physicians depend on the medical literature to keep current with clinical information. Little is known about residents' ability to understand statistical methods or how to appropriately interpret research outcomes. Objective: To evaluate residents' understanding of biostatistics and interpretation of research results. Design, Setting, and Participants: Multiprogram cross-sectional survey of internal medicine residents. Main Outcome Measure: Percentage of questions correct on a biostatistics/study design multiple-choice knowledge test. Results: The survey was completed by 277 of 367 residents (75.5%) in 11 residency programs. The overall mean percentage correct on statistical knowledge and interpretation of results was 41.4% (95% confidence interval [CI], 39.7%-43.3%) vs 71.5% (95% CI, 57.5%-85.5%) for fellows and general medicine faculty with research training (P<.001). Higher scores in residents were associated with additional advanced degrees (50.0% [95% CI, 44.5%-55.5%] vs 40.1% [95% CI, 38.3%-42.0%]  P<.001)  prior biostatistics training (45.2% [95% CI, 42.7%-47.8%] vs 37.9% [95% CI, 35.4%-40.3%]  P=.001)  enrollment in a university-based training program (43.0% [95% CI, 41.0%-45.1%] vs 36.3% [95% CI, 32.6%-40.0%]  P=.002)  and male sex (44.0% [95% CI, 41.4%-46.7%] vs 38.8% [95% CI, 36.4%-41.1%]  P=.004). On individual knowledge questions, 81.6% correctly interpreted a relative risk. Residents were less likely to know how to interpret an adjusted odds ratio from a multivariate regression analysis (37.4%) or the results of a Kaplan-Meier analysis (10.5%). Seventy-five percent indicated they did not understand all of the statistics they encountered in journal articles, but 95% felt it was important to understand these concepts to be an intelligent reader of the literature. Conclusions: Most residents in this study lacked the knowledge in biostatistics needed to interpret many of the results in published clinical research. Residency programs should include more effective biostatistics training in their curricula to successfully prepare residents for this important lifelong learning skill. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2124	"Wingrove, D. (2012). """"Giving Voice to the Academe: Rich Food for Thought in the Quest for Quality Research."""" Tertiary Education and Management 18(2): 131-151."""""	" This paper reports and analyses findings from a qualitative study that explored the impact of organizational policy, cultures and support structures on the research pathways of early career researchers within one Australian university. The author captured the perspectives and experiences of six early and six senior researchers and examined the degree to which respondents perceived their university was effective in supporting the early career researcher to sustain and progress their research. As this paper explores, giving voice to academics' lived experiences of research raised questions as to the efficacy of existing institutional support structures as significant gaps between internal research policy and the lived research experience on the ground were revealed. Ultimately, understanding academics' lived experiences of research may not only build institutional knowledge to inform and enhance institutional capacity to more effectively sustain and grow quality research, but also strengthen advocacy for much-needed and targeted external research funding. (Contains 1 table.)"""
NaN		2125	"Winkle-Wagner, R. and D. L. McCoy (2016). """"Entering the (Postgraduate) Field: Underrepresented Students' Acquisition of Cultural and Social Capital in Graduate. School Preparation Programs."""" Journal of Higher Education 87(2): 178-205."""""	" Examining the role of humanities graduate preparation programs in facilitating under-represented undergraduate students' socialization to the field (social context) of graduate education, this critical multisite case study finds that these programs are crucial to bidirectional anticipatory socialization for graduate education, where one gains new ideas but does not abandon one's background. Additionally, these programs helped in the acquisition of the type of cultural and social capital that are likely to be relevant to disciplinary knowledge, skills, and competencies in graduate education."""
NaN		2126	"Winter, M. and A. M. Knemeyer (2013). """"Exploring the integration of sustainability and supply chain management Current state and opportunities for future inquiry."""" International Journal of Physical Distribution & Logistics Management 43(1): 18-38."""""	" Purpose - The aim of this paper is to provide a snapshot of the existing research and suggest potential opportunities for academic inquiry related to the concept of sustainable supply chain management. Design/methodology/approach - The researchers review the extant literature at the intersection of ""sustainability"""" and """"supply chain management"""". This literature is subsequently categorized with the aid of a classification matrix derived from the literature in order to review the current state of thought development across three distinct disciplines (logistics/supply chain management, operations/production management and social/environmental management). The analysis suggests future research opportunities in this area. Findings -The findings indicate that the existing literature is primarily focused on individual sustainability and supply chain dimensions rather than taking a more integrated approach. In addition, the findings suggest both the emergence of a group of themes within an individual dimension, such as green logistics within the environmental dimension as well as a set of themes that are consistent across dimensions. The analysis establishes several areas of opportunity for future inquiry. Originality/value - The paper contributes to our knowledge on sustainability as it relates to supply chain management by using the triple bottom line approach and supply chain management elements that had been previously established in literature as a means to classify extant literature in this space and identify specific research opportunities in a systematic manner."""""
NaN		2127	"Wischgoll, A. (2016). """"Combined Training of One Cognitive and One Metacognitive Strategy Improves Academic Writing Skills."""" Frontiers in Psychology 7."""""	" Academic writing is a challenging task. Expert writers apply various writing skills as they anticipate the reader's view of their text while paying attention to structure and content. Research in the high school setting shows that the acquisition of writing skills can be supported by single -strategy training. However, research in higher education is scarce. We tested whether the development of academic writing skills can also be effectively supported by training single strategies or even combined strategies. As metacognition is an important skill for advanced and adult learners, we focused in this study on the benefit of combined cognitive strategies with and without a metacognitive strategy. An experiment including three conditions was conducted (N = 60 German-speaking psychology undergraduates, M = 22.8, SD = 4.4), which lasted for three hours. Each group received a modeling intervention of a basic cognitive strategy on the application of text structure knowledge. Two groups received an additional modeling intervention with either a cognitive strategy treatment on text summarization or a metacognitive strategy treatment on self -monitoring the writing process. One group received no further strategy treatment. Prior knowledge and learning outcomes were measured with a specially developed test on academic writing skills. In addition, all participants wrote an abstract of an empirical article. We found that learners who received the additional self -monitoring strategy intervention benefited significantly more in terms of acquisition of academic writing skills and the quality of their texts than learners who did not receive this intervention. Thus, the results underline the importance of self -monitoring strategies in academic writing. Implications and further research opportunities are discussed."""
NaN		2128	"Wisker, G. and G. Robinson (2013). """"Doctoral """"Orphans"""": Nurturing and Supporting the Success of Postgraduates Who Have Lost Their Supervisors."""" Higher Education Research and Development 32(2): 300-313."""""	" Much research into doctoral student-supervisor relations focuses on developing positive interactions. For many students, however, the research experience can be troubled by breakdowns in communication and even the loss of the supervisor(s), turning the student into a doctoral ""orphan"""" and impacting on their academic identity and ability and confidence in producing a sound doctoral-level contribution to knowledge. Our work with a range of UK- and internationally-based doctoral students looks specifically at reasons for supervisor loss and/or absence and the students' experience of being doctoral """"orphans"""" in terms of identity, confidence and progress. In focusing on those who achieve successful completion, it suggests the need for institutional and community support and highlights the development of effective strategies leading to ownership, empowerment and emotional resilience."""""
NaN		2129	"Witt, C. M. and S. R. Withers (2013). """"RESEARCH TRAINING IN INTEGRATIVE MEDICINE: HOW CAN WE MAKE TEACHING AND LEARNING IN RESEARCH METHODS MORE SUSTAINABLE AND ENGAGING?"""" Explore-the Journal of Science and Healing 9(5): 279-284."""""	" Background: The aim of this project was to identify strategies for increasing learner engagement and knowledge retention in clinical research training of complementary and integrative medicine (CIM) practitioners, and to offer a conceptual framework to address clinical research training for CIM practitioners. Methods: In a featured large-group discussion (15 min presentation and 30 min discussion), two questions (strategies that are recommended to overcome these bathers  relevant aspects for a framework for building sustainable knowledge) were put to the audience. The sample consisted of 43 participants at the International Congress of Educators in Complementary and Alternative Medicine, in Washington, DC, in October 2012. The featured discussion was moderated and detailed notes were taken. Notes were synthesized and discussed by both authors until consensus was reached. Based on the results from the featured discussion session and a focused literature search, a framework for building sustainable knowledge and skills in clinical research for CIM practitioners was developed. Results: Participants' responses to the questions of engagement and sustainability included curricular structures, pedagogical strategies for instruction, the use of digital tools to extend the learning experience, the necessity to ground instruction firmly in the medical literature of the field, and the relevance of mentoring. Key considerations for building sustainable knowledge in clinical research for CIM practitioners are as follows: (1) prioritizing clinical research training, (2) issues of curriculum and pedagogy, (3) technology/digital tools, (4) administrative challenges, (5) supporting the formation of communities of practice, and (6) cultural perspectives of CIM practitioners."""
NaN		2130	"Witte, A. E. (2010). """"The Global Awareness Curriculum in International Business Programs: A Critical Perspective."""" Journal of Teaching in International Business 21(2): 101-131."""""	" Designing educational sequences that enhance the cognitive, behavioral, and critical skills of a diverse learning community seeking global competencies, requires mindfulness of different international educational models, a tailored curriculum designed to build different types of awareness learning, and clarity in targeted outputs keeping in mind a range of potential occupations and life situations in which such skills will be used. This article outlines conceptual frameworks for global awareness sequences in international management programs, building on existing cross-cultural research, training literature, and comparative analysis of different higher education models. It updates global competence learning frameworks to include recent advances in cultural intelligence, critical reflexivity, and post-colonial perspectives on management education. It calls attention to changing student demographics as a catalyst for moderate curriculum reform, especially a rehabilitation of core global awareness knowledge components eclipsed by cross-cultural courses and humanities requirements. A curriculum for business students with a sequential and/or simultaneous implementation of three pedagogical dispositions (knowledge, behavior, and critical acculturation) is discussed. (Contains 4 tables.)"""
NaN		2131	"Witterholt, M., et al. (2016). """"The Impact of Peer Collaboration on Teachers' Practical Knowledge."""" European Journal of Teacher Education 39(1): 126-143."""""	" Due to changes in Dutch mathematics education, teachers are expected to use new teaching methods such as enquiry-based teaching. In this study, we investigate how teachers design, implement and evaluate new methods for statistics teaching for 7th-graders during a professional development trajectory based on peer collaboration. We monitored teachers' development in a network of four mathematics teachers from the same school. By using a mixed-methods approach in which we combined data from interviews, concept maps and classroom observations, we describe changes in teachers' practical knowledge. We found how the nature of these changes highly depends on teachers' personal concerns that emerge during the trajectory. Some teachers considered their concerns as challenges stimulating their learning, while other teachers experienced their concerns as a reason to fall back to previous teaching methods. Based on our results, we give some recommendations for organising teacher networks."""
NaN		2132	"Witzig, S. B., et al. (2010). """"Achievable Inquiry in the College Laboratory: The Mini-Journal."""" Journal of College Science Teaching 39(6): 14-23."""""	" The authors engage students in inquiry-based learning by presenting laboratory exercises as mini-journal articles that mirror the format of a scientific journal article, including a title, authors, abstract, introduction, materials and methods, results, discussion, and citations. Students develop and carry out their follow-up investigation, then present their findings in the form of their own mini-journal. Mini-journals replace traditional cookbook laboratories with a format that more directly encourages scientific practice. (Contains 3 tables and 2 figures.)"""
NaN		2133	Wolf, M. and A. Laferriere (2009). Crawl into Inquiry-Based Learning: Hermit Crab Experiments, Heldref Publications. 1319 Eighteenth Street NW, Washington, DC 20036-1802. 46: 32-38.	" There is a particular need for inquiry-based lessons in the early elementary grades, when students are starting to develop their analytical skills. In this article, the authors present a 2-tiered inquiry-based lesson plan for 1st and 2nd grades that has been successfully used by graduate teaching fellows involved in the National Science Foundation GK-12 program at the Oregon Institute of Marine Biology (OIMB), University of Oregon. This lesson involves the use of live marine or terrestrial hermit crabs. The first tier of the lesson covers the anatomy, general ecology, and classification of the hermit crabs, with students making detailed observations and asking questions about their live subjects. The second tier is an experiment to test a question commonly raised by students: Do hermit crabs like to live on sand or on rocks? Students use this question to design and choose an experimental setup, make hypotheses, record and report results, evaluate their experiment, and suggest possible improvements. (Contains 3 figures.)"""
NaN		2134	"Wolfe, M. (2007). """"Broadband videoconferencing as a knowledge management tool."""" Journal of Knowledge Management 11(2): 118-138."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this article is to augment evaluation of the effectiveness of broadband videoconferencing among distributed research teams. Design/methodology/approach: Textual output from informal interaction in videoconferencing and chat room sessions was recorded and analyzed using qualitative and content analysis methods to test for knowledge processes thought to be embedded in informal collaborative interaction. An exit survey used nominal and ordinal data categories to measure participant perceptions of using videoconferencing technologies to enhance knowledge-based collaboration. Indicators of informal interaction and knowledge processes were drawn from the knowledge management (KM) and videoconferencing literatures. Findings: Analysis confirms communication and informal interaction dynamics supportive of knowledge creation and transfer. A summary assessment of the research addresses barriers identified in the study and suggests approaches for future KM research in video-mediated research domain. Research limitations/implications: Project time and resource constraints imposed research limits in terms of inter-coder reliability and attention to several human factors and behavioral considerations highlighted in the study. The latter, however, are suggestive of further research opportunities, specifically in terms of user expectations and cultures of use of videoconferencing in the organizational setting. Practical implications: The research provides a template for communications-based evaluation of advanced applications using broadband technology and collaborative work wares. Originality/value: The paper is a first-of-its-kind evaluation of true broadband videoconferencing that advanced a knowledge management perspective based on human communication dynamics over a normative information technology framework. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2135	"Wolff, L. (2010). """"Learning through Writing: Reconceptualising the Research Supervision Process."""" International Journal of Teaching and Learning in Higher Education 22(3): 229-237."""""	" This paper seeks to re-conceptualize the research supervision relationship. The literature has tended to view doctoral study in four ways: (a) as an exercise in self-management, (b) as a research experience, (c) as training for research, or (d) as an instance of student-centred learning. Although each of these approaches has merit, they also suffer from conceptual weaknesses. This paper seeks to harness the merits, and minimize the disadvantages, by re-conceptualizing doctoral research as a ""writing journey."""" The paper utilizes the insights of new rhetoric in linguistic theory to defend a writing-centered conception of supervised research and offers some practical strategies on how it might be put into effect."""""
NaN		2136	"Wolkow, T. D., et al. (2014). """"A Comprehensive Faculty, Staff, and Student Training Program Enhances Student Perceptions of a Course-Based Research Experience at a Two-Year Institution."""" CBE - Life Sciences Education 13(4): 724-737."""""	" Early research experiences must be made available to all undergraduate students, including those at 2-yr institutions who account for nearly half of America's college students. We report on barriers unique to 2-yr institutions that preclude the success of an early course-based undergraduate research experience (CURE). Using a randomized study design, we evaluated a CURE in equivalent introductory biology courses at a 4-yr institution and a 2-yr institution within the same geographic region. We found that these student populations developed dramatically different impressions of the experience. Students at the 4-yr institution enjoyed the CURE significantly more than the traditional labs. However, students at the 2-yr institution enjoyed the traditional labs significantly more, even though the CURE successfully produced targeted learning gains. On the basis of course evaluations, we enhanced instructor, student, and support staff training and reevaluated this CURE at a different campus of the same 2-yr institution. This time, the students reported that they enjoyed the research experience significantly more than the traditional labs. We conclude that early research experiences can succeed at 2-yr institutions, provided that a comprehensive implementation strategy targeting instructor, student, and support staff training is in place."""
NaN		2137	"Wolter, B. H., et al. (2011). """"Factors Affecting Persistence of Undergraduate Students in a Fisheries and Wildlife Program: Transfer Students."""" Journal of Natural Resources and Life Sciences Education 40: 58-68."""""	" Transfer students are of recognized importance to postsecondary education and every year feed thousands of students into natural resources programs across America. This influx of students can have a sustaining effect on many academic programs, including fisheries and wildlife programs, which are suffering from a nation-wide decrease in interest and declining enrollment. In this pilot study, we conducted face-to-face interviews with students who transferred into a fisheries and wildlife program at a large Midwestern university. We asked 13 questions related to their experiences to better understand student reasons for transferring into, and staying in, a fisheries and wildlife program. Programmatic experience was cited most often by transfer students as their reason for persisting in the program. Students acknowledged the importance of a sense of belonging to a community of scholars as critical to their choice of program  this notion was influenced by parameters such as class size, student-faculty relationships, and peer interactions. Other important characteristics of program selection for transfer students included an ability to be engaged in hands-on activities (e.g., field courses and undergraduate research experiences) and the desire to engage in a career rather than just a job (i.e., students felt passionate about the work they were doing). Using information generated from this study, other natural resources programs may be better poised to attract and retain transfer students to their programs. (Contains 3 tables.)"""
NaN		2138	Wong-MingJi, D. J. and G. N. Wong (2014). A THEORETICAL MODEL OF COLLABORATIVE INQUIRY-BASED GROUP DEVELOPMENT PROCESS. Inquiry-Based Learning for Faculty and Institutional Development: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 1: 25-47.	" This chapter develops a theoretical model of a collaborative inquiry-based group development process with a grounded theory approach. The purpose of this research study is to examine how educators engage in collaborative inquiry-based group development processes that transform their professional identity and pedagogical practices. Qualitative research data comes from the Livingstone Inquiry Group (LIG) in Vancouver, Canada. It is a longitudinal case study of inquiry-based pedagogies (IBPs) in a community of learners. They started in 2007 with members representing K-12 teachers, resource staff, administrators, higher education, and union organizations. The model outlines generative dynamics between social capital and relational learning which support pedagogical paradigm shifts in the group's collaboration. Implications of this study provide direction for research regarding inquiry-based learning in higher educational institutions as an important forum for sustainable professional development of teachers as life-long learners."""
NaN		2139	Wood, J., et al. (2014). MAKING HISTORIANS DIGITALLY: SOCIAL BOOKMARKING AND INQUIRY-BASED LEARNING IN HISTORY IN HIGHER EDUCATION IN THE UK. Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 2: 393-412.	" Social bookmarking is an online tool that can enable students to develop their skills in finding, sharing and (re) organising online information. Research has demonstrated that it has the potential to impact positively on students' digital literacies their ability to use the Internet critically to support their learning and particularly on the kinds of online research skills that are vital to supporting inquiry-based approaches to learning and teaching in history. This chapter provides a detailed overview of how online social bookmarking tools have been used to support the development of students' digital literacies in history in a number of UK higher education institutions. The general approach which has been adopted is based on constructivist principles and requires students to develop their skills and appreciation of the Internet as a venue for scholarly research in order to strengthen their inquiry skills in preparation for more independent work at higher levels of study. The chapter presents evaluative data that has been collected from students who have used social bookmarking to support inquiry activities within modules and as part of their independent learning activities. We also report staff reflections on the usefulness of social bookmarking to support student learning in history and make some recommendations for the practical application of such tools elsewhere. These include the potential significant impact of social bookmarking on students' ability to interact productively and creatively with online resources in the course of their learning  the usefulness of the tool in supporting collaborative working and sharing materials  the need to ensure that students receive adequate training in using social bookmarking and that their work receives adequate credit (which will, in turn, increase motivation)."""
NaN		2140	"Woods-McConney, A., et al. (2016). """"Inquiry and groups: student interactions in cooperative inquiry-based science."""" International Journal of Science Education 38(5): 842-860."""""	" Science education research has recommended cooperative inquiry based science in the primary science context for more than two decades but after more than 20 years, student achievement in science has not substantially improved. This study, through direct observation and analysis, investigated content-related student interactions in an authentic inquiry based primary science class setting. Thirty-one upper primary students were videotaped working in cooperative inquiry based science activities. Cooperative talk and negotiation of the science content was analysed to identify any high-level group interactions. The data show that while all groups have incidences of high-level content-related group interactions, the frequency and duration of these interactions were limited. No specific pattern of preceding events was identified and no episodes of high-level content-related group interactions were immediately preceded by the teacher's interactions with the groups. This in situ study demonstrated that even without any kind of scaffolding, specific skills in knowing how to implement cooperative inquiry based science, high-level content-related group interactions did occur very briefly. Support for teachers to develop their knowledge and skills in facilitating cooperative inquiry based science learning is warranted to ensure that high-level content-related group interactions and the associated conceptual learning are not left to chance in science classrooms."""
NaN		2141	"Woodward-Kron, R., et al. (2011). """"The medical educator, the discourse analyst, and the phonetician: A collaborative feedback methodology for clinical communication."""" Academic Medicine 86(5): 565-570."""""	" Frameworks for clinical communication assist educators in making explicit the principles of good communication and providing feedback to medical trainees. However, existing frameworks rarely take into account the roles of culture and language in communication, which can be important for international medical graduates (IMGs) whose first language is not English. This article describes the collaboration by a medical educator, a discourse analyst, and a phonetician to develop a communication and language feedback methodology to assist IMG trainees at a Victorian hospital in Australia with developing their doctor– patient communication skills. The Communication and Language Feedback (CaLF) methodology incorporates a written tool and video recording of roleplays of doctor–patient interactions in a classroom setting or in an objective structured clinical examination (OSCE) practice session with a simulated patient. IMG trainees receive verbal feedback from their hospital-based medical clinical educator, the simulated patient, and linguists. The CaLF tool was informed by a model of language in context, observation of IMG communication training, and process evaluation by IMG participants during January to August 2009. The authors provided participants with a feedback package containing their practice video (which included verbal feedback) and the completed CaLF tool. The CaLF methodology provides a tool for medical educators and language practitioners to work collaboratively with IMGs to enhance communication and language skills. The ongoing interdisciplinary collaboration also provides much-needed applied research opportunities in intercultural health communication, an area the authors believe cannot be adequately addressed from the perspective of one discipline alone. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2142	"Woodzicka, J. A., et al. (2015). """"A Successful Model of Collaborative Undergraduate Research: A Multi-Faculty, Multi-Project, Multi-Institution Team Approach."""" Teaching of Psychology 42(1): 60-63."""""	" A collaborative research grant from the National Science Foundation allowed the first two authors to provide students at primarily undergraduate institutions with a multi-faculty, multi-institution team research experience. Teams of undergraduate students at Western Carolina University and Washington and Lee University collaborated with one another on multiple projects. Research teams used Skype and Dropbox to facilitate meetings and the sharing of research articles, documents, and data. Through collaboration across institutions, students gained a fuller appreciation of research as a dynamic process that involves discussing and critiquing ideas and complementing one another's skills."""
NaN		2143	"Woosnam, K. M. and W. C. Norman (2010). """"Measuring Residents' Emotional Solidarity with Tourists: Scale Development of Durkheim's Theoretical Constructs."""" Journal of Travel Research 49(3): 365-380."""""	" While it can prove easy to conceptualize of the relationship between residents and tourists as ""us versus them,"""" it devalues the potential for intimate relationships to exist, whereby residents and tourists have many things in common. The theory of emotional solidarity can aid in explaining such an intimate relationship. Developing the framework from previous qualitative work, the purpose of this study is to formulate and validate scales corresponding to the constructs in Durkheim's theoretical framework of emotional solidarity. Following two initial stages of pilot testing, each scale is included in an onsite self-administered survey instrument, with 455 heads of household completing the instrument in a coastal South Carolina county. Psychometric properties are assessed and each scale is found to be high in internal consistency and construct validity (i.e., convergent and discriminant validity). Implications as well as potential research opportunities concerning emotional solidarity are discussed."""""
NaN		2144	"Woosnam, K. M., et al. (2013). """"Confirming the Festival Social Impact Attitude Scale in the context of a rural Texas cultural festival."""" Event Management 17(3): 257-270."""""	" Although numerous scales exist measuring residents' perceptions of festival impacts, the first of its kind, the Festival Social Impact Attitude Scale (FSIAS), has never been examined to confirm its proposed factor structure. In addition, recent calls have been made to utilize the FSIAS in a novel context and assess its reliability and validity. Utilizing the context of a Czech heritage festival, this article has three purposes: (1) to confirm the FSIAS factor structure, (2) to examine psychometric properties of the scale, and (3) to determine if impacts of the festival were perceived differently among residents living in a community in which the festival is held. Results confirm the factor structure of the FSIAS is identical to that found in previous studies and psychometric properties were strong. A number of significant differences in perceived festival impacts were found across sociodemographic and socioeconomic variables. Theoretical and practical implications are discussed and future research opportunities are provided. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2145	"Worthington, R. L., et al. (2008). """"Color-blind racial attitudes, social dominance orientation, racial-ethnic group membership and college students' perceptions of campus climate."""" Journal of Diversity in Higher Education 1(1): 8-19."""""	" Racial-ethnic group membership, color-blind racial attitudes (i.e., unawareness of racial privilege, institutional discrimination, and blatant racial issues), and social dominance orientation were used to predict perceptions of campus climate in general and specifically for people of color among a sample of 144 undergraduate, graduate, and professional students at a predominately White university. Results indicate that after controlling for racial-ethnic minority status, perceptions of 'general campus climate' (GCC) and 'racial-ethnic campus climate' (RECC) are predicted by color-blind racial attitudes. Post hoc analyses indicated that unawareness of racial privilege partially mediated the relationship between race and RECC and fully mediated the relationship between race and GCC. Individuals with higher levels of color-blind racial attitudes tend to perceive the campus climate more positively. Implications for research, training and practice are discussed. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2146	"Worthy, S. L. (2009). """"FCS Undergrads at Mississippi State Learn Research Process."""" Journal of Family and Consumer Sciences 101(3): 47-48."""""	" Understanding the research process is a vital part of the undergraduate experience. Conducting research helps students see the value of the scientific process and various research methods, and encourages inquisitiveness about family and consumer sciences (FCS) issues. Research experiences augment students' professional development, increase their likelihood of attending graduate school, and encourage lifelong learning. In this article, the author discusses how students in the Family Resource Management class at Mississippi State University (MSU) work in groups to complete a research project based on a resource management topic from class lectures or textbooks. (Contains 1 table.)"""
NaN		2147	"Wright, J. (2008). """"Reframing Quality and Impact: The Place of Theory in Education Research."""" Australian Educational Researcher 35(1): 1-16."""""	" In March 2004, Stephen Ball and others presented a symposium at the conference of the British Educational Research Association (BERA) on the necessity of theory in educational research. Like Ball, I have observed that theory, not just social theory, is a difficult space and one that divides researchers (those comfortable with theory and those less so), within educational research. It is an aspect of educational research training that rarely receives the attention essential for ""quality"""" educational research. In the context of the contemporary research assessment exercises, it is worth reflecting on the relationship between research informed by social theory and expectations of quality and impact. In this paper I revisit the argument made by Ball and others for the necessity of theory, and discuss its role in framing research questions, informing analysis, and promoting reflexivity on the significance and relevance of research. I illustrate this process by discussing the ways theory can assist in the generation of research agendas and questions. I conclude the paper with an example of how a team of educational researchers from Australia, UK and New Zealand have made use of social theory to inform an Australian Research Council (ARC) funded project investigating the recontextualisation of health knowledge in schools. (Contains 1 endnote.)"""""
NaN		2148	"Wright, N., et al. (2011). """"Peer health promotion in prisons: A systematic review."""" International Journal of Prisoner Health 7(4): 37-51."""""	" Purpose: The purpose of this paper is to review systematically the available literature relating to the implementation of peer education to promote health and healthy behaviour in prisons. Design/methodology/approach - The authors undertook a narrative systematic review of Medline, EMBASE, CINAHL, Psychinfo, Web of Science and Cochrane databases. Relevant journals and reference lists were hand searched for relevant articles to be included in the review. Of the abstracts found, full-text papers were retrieved for those papers deemed as possibly fulfilling the inclusion criteria of the review. Findings: A total of 3,033 abstracts were identified leading to 46 full-text articles being retrieved, of which ten were included in the review. Peer education in prisons can have an impact on attitudes, knowledge, and behaviour intention regarding HIV risk behaviour. The research findings were inconclusive for the impact of peer education upon illicit drug use and injecting practice. There was a paucity of research evaluating the impact of peer education upon mental ill health, obesity, diet, smoking, or self-management of chronic physical diseases. Originality/value: Peer education is effective in reducing risk of HIV transmission. It is possible that peer education for mental health issues is stigmatising, presenting an opportunity for further research activity. The impact of peer education upon illicit drug use practice, obesity, diet, smoking, and self-management of chronic physical diseases also presents further research opportunities. Research evaluating models of active peer educator involvement in health service delivery and organisation is also lacking. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2149	"Wu, H.-K. and C.-L. Wu (2011). """"Exploring the Development of Fifth Graders' Practical Epistemologies and Explanation Skills in Inquiry-Based Learning Classrooms."""" Research in Science Education 41(3): 319-340."""""	" The purposes of this study are to explore fifth graders' epistemological views regarding their own experiences of constructing scientific knowledge through inquiry activities (i.e., practical epistemologies) and to investigate possible interactions between students' practical epistemologies and their inquiry skills to construct scientific explanations (i.e., explanation skills). Quantitative and qualitative data including interview transcripts, classroom video recordings, and pre- and post-tests of explanation skills were collected from 68 fifth graders in two science classes. Analyses of data show that after engaging in 5-week inquiry activities, students developed better inquiry skills to construct scientific explanations. More students realized the existence of experimental errors, viewed experimental data as evidence to support their claims, and had richer understanding about the nature of scientific questions. However, most students' epistemological beliefs were still naive (the beginning level)  they could not differentiate between experimental results and scientific knowledge and believed that the purpose of science is doing experiments or research. The results also show that students who held a more sophisticated epistemology (the intermediate level) tended to develop better inquiry skills than those with naive beliefs. Analyses of classroom observations suggest possible explanations for how students reflected their epistemological views in their inquiry practices."""
NaN		2150	"Wu, J.-W., et al. (2015). """"Development of an inquiry-based learning support system based on an intelligent knowledge exploration approach."""" Journal of Educational Technology & Society 18(3): 282-300."""""	" Inquiry-Based Learning (IBL) is an effective approach for promoting active learning. When inquiry-based learning is incorporated into instruction, teachers provide guiding questions for students to actively explore the required knowledge in order to solve the problems. Although the World Wide Web (WWW) is a rich knowledge resource for students to explore using search engines, it is hard for students to filter out required knowledge from the unorganized web pages and the huge number of search results. In this paper, an inquiry-based learning support system with two advanced knowledge exploration modules, namely the Q&A module and the Segmented Supplemental Material (SSM) module, is proposed and developed to assist students’ inquiry-based learning. This study also evaluates the effects of the proposed system on students’ learning achievement and learning efficiency with the various supports provided by the proposed system. Experiments were undertaken on a 'Computer Science' course for first year undergraduate students. The experimental results show that with the support of the two advanced modules, both the students’ learning achievement and their learning efficiency were enhanced. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2151	"Wu, W. W., et al. (2015). """"Domains and opportunities in knowledge and aerospace management in China An integrative perspective."""" Chinese Management Studies 9(4): 473-481."""""	" Purpose - This paper aims to introduce and explore the creation, transfer, diffusion and application of knowledge in the Chinese context and the Chinese aerospace management modes, methodologies and mechanism, etc., based on the successful managerial experience of China's aerospace. The paper then illustrates the current research domains and the future research opportunities in knowledge and aerospace management in China. Design/methodology/approach - Review and reflection. Findings - The Chinese knowledge management theory has achieved great development, the focus of which covers the whole chain from knowledge creation, knowledge transfer, knowledge sharing to knowledge application. However, Chinese aerospace management studies seem not so systematic, although some successful managerial practices and theories are being introduced. There is an opportunity to construct the Chinese aerospace management theory due to its features with general implications to high technology industries in China. Especially, integrating knowledge and aerospace, or studying aerospace from the perspective of knowledge, is a promising way of formulating a logic for deciphering China's aerospace. It is also anticipated that qualitative methodology and Chinese traditional philosophy will be more popular in Chinese management studies. Originality/value - This paper, by introducing some new research in knowledge management and aerospace management in China, outlines the current situations of Chinese knowledge and aerospace management research and sheds lights on the future research in aspects of research topics, research methodologies and Chinese traditional philosophy. For the first time, this paper provides the basic logic of Chinese knowledge management research and integrates Chinese aerospace management studies to reveal to the world the uniqueness and facts of China's aerospace industry."""
NaN		2152	"Wu, Y., et al. (2012). """"Complete Genomic Sequence of Chinese Virulent Duck Enteritis Virus."""" Journal of Virology 86(10): 5965-5965."""""	" The Chinese virulent (CHv) strain of duck enteritis virus (DEV) has a genome of approximately 162,175 nucleotides with a GC content of 44.89%. Here we report the complete genomic sequence and annotation of DEV CHv, which offer an effective platform for providing authentic research experiences to novice scientists. In addition, knowledge of this virus will extend our general knowledge of DEV and will be useful for further studies of the mechanisms of virus replication and pathogenesis."""
NaN		2153	"Wunder, J. L., et al. (2012). """"PROMOTING AMPHIBIAN CONSERVATION THROUGH THE COLLEGE CLASSROOM: DETECTION OF BATRACHOCHYTRIUM DENDROBATIDIS AMONG LOCAL AMPHIBIANS."""" Herpetological Conservation and Biology 7(3): 462-469."""""	" Many global amphibian declines have been linked to the fungal pathogen Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis (Bd). The knowledge on Bd distribution provides a fundamental basis for amphibian conservation planning. Yet, such Bd distribution information is currently insufficient, in particular at a regional scale. The college classroom provides an excellent opportunity to expand the knowledge of Bd distribution. Here we provide an example of such research projects to detect Bd prevalence among local amphibians in a college course setting and present the results of work conducted in central Pennsylvania, USA. We collected toe clips and conducted PCR assays of six species, Plethodon cinereus, Desmognathus fuscus, Notophthalmus viridescens, Lithobates catesbeianus, L. clamitans, and L. sylvaticus (59 individuals). Four groups of students independently conducted entire projects, orally presented their findings, and submitted manuscripts to the professor at the end of the semester. This example demonstrates that it is feasible for an undergraduate class to complete a Bd-detection project within a single semester. Such a project not only contributes to Bd research but also promotes conservation education among students through hands-on research experiences. We found Bd infection in only one sample of N. viridescens, but no sign of infection in the rest of the samples. As a relatively high prevalence of Bd has been reported in surrounding areas, our results suggest spatial heterogeneity in Bd occurrence at a regional scale and thus, the need for continued efforts to monitor Bd prevalence."""
NaN		2154	"Wurzinger, M., et al. (2011). """"Important aspects and limitations in considering community-based breeding programs for low-input smallholder livestock systems."""" Small Ruminant Research 98(1-3): 170-175."""""	" Many smallholder breeding programs in developing countries failed because of neglecting basic conditions, particularly the no involvement of farmers in a participatory manner from design to the implementation phase of the programs. Inadequate centralized breeding plans to improve local breeds and various plans prescribing crossbreeding with European highly producing breeds, failed. Though some nucleus breeding programs were successful and attained some sustainability if the farmers' participation was considered, they still are vulnerable once the funding provided ends. An evolving approach, emerging from participatory research experiences, involves community-based breeding programs for smallholder farmers in low-input systems. These are being implemented in pilot research sites with promising results and already rendering lessons learned that merit consideration in relation with the sustainability of a program. The paper discusses important factors for the success of these programs. Farmers' participation along with main issues for program implementation are highlighted in relation to site selection, the communication processes, recording schemes, role of scientists, the institutionalisation of cooperation and the enabling environment. Finally, ongoing case studies of successful community-based breeding programs are mentioned. Shortcomings in farmers' participation require attention and institutional strengthening for effective application of participatory tools and knowledge exchange between farmers and researchers. But participatory research alone is not the sole prescription for success. No matter how participatory the plans will be, they will always depend on technical support and institutional support for data collection, analysis and feedback. This is hindered because of the short-term projection of funding for research projects. An important issue relates to the out scaling of successful experiences at project level that benefits only a limited number of farmers. The only avenue to guarantee sustainability is that government priorities (local or national) emphasize community-based breeding as a viable alternative for smallholder improvement on a long-term basis, and development and appropriate policies provide the enabling environment for realization and adoption at a large scale. Under these conditions research will have an advisory and facilitating role whereas ownership of the program will go to the community-level. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
NaN		2155	"Wuttiprom, S., et al. (2016). """"Preliminary Results of Professional Development Program for School Science Research."""" Universal Journal of Educational Research 4(4): 842-848."""""	" Teachers need to design their courses to be as similar to real-life situations as possible as genuine learning emerges in real life as opposed to studying in class. Research-based learning is an innovative approach exploring many critical strategies for success in the twenty-first century. In it, students drive their own learning through inquiry, research, and projects that reflect their knowledge. This study aimed to compare research skills resulting from self-evaluations and from tests before and after a training program. The participants included 71 science teachers from the lower north-eastern part of Thailand who attended the Professional Development Program for School Science Research. The results from the self-evaluations indicated that the knowledge levels of research skills were highly relevant to the knowledge levels of research skills shown in the completion of the tests."""
NaN		2157	"Wyatt, M. and C. Pasamar Márquez (2016). """"Helping First-Year Undergraduates Engage in Language Research."""" Language Teaching Research 20(2): 146-164."""""	" Adopting an ""exploratory action research"""" design and drawing primarily on a reflective journal and interviews, this study recounts the process of supporting first-year Applied Languages students (learning French, German and Spanish) as they started to engage in language research. Certain challenges they faced in engaging with the inquiry-based learning were apparent at the outset, while others emerged"" "" these were addressed ethically in the spirit of """"exploratory practice"""". Our narrative account is structured around key themes. These are subsequently the focus of our discussion, which highlights the process-oriented actions that arose from our developing understandings and the future actions still required. Conclusions focus on the benefits gained by learners and teachers."""""
NaN		2156	"Wyatt, M. and K. Dikilitaş (2016). """"English language teachers becoming more efficacious through research engagement at their Turkish university."""" Educational Action Research 24(4): 550-570."""""	" While it is generally recognized that teacher research can be a very beneficial form of continuing professional development (CPD), there is still relatively limited research available on the impact this activity has on teachers’ self-efficacy beliefs, which are of interest to educational psychologists because, while being open to constant change, these beliefs influence the way in which knowledge is transformed into action. There is also a relative lack of available research into how teachers develop as researchers  the processes whereby they gain practical knowledge and more positive self-efficacy beliefs in planning, conducting, analysing, presenting and writing up research require further exploration. This qualitative multi-case study addresses these issues, exploring the development of three in-service teachers of English on a foundation programme at a Turkish university. Findings reveal that engaging in CPD which directly benefited their learners helped all three teachers develop positive teachers’ self-efficacy beliefs and deeper practical knowledge in relation to the specific tasks that concerned them. Furthermore, from a starting point of having low self-efficacy beliefs in conducting practical research, which reflected their lack of prior knowledge in this area, they all became more efficacious as they gained research experience and developed practical knowledge of research. This study highlights the benefits, then, of helping teachers become more efficacious through CPD that engages them as knowledge-generators. Enthusiastic mentoring, autonomy support and the opportunity to present their research more widely all helped the teachers in this Turkish context to develop. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2158	"Wyman, J. F. and S. J. Henly (2015). """"PhD programs in nursing in the United States: Visibility of American Association of Colleges of Nursing core curricular elements and emerging areas of science."""" Nursing Outlook 63(4): 390-397."""""	" Preparing nursing doctoral students with knowledge and skills for developing science, stewarding the discipline, and educating future researchers is critical. This study examined the content of 120 U.S. PhD programs in nursing as communicated on program websites in 2012. Most programs included theory, research design, and statistics courses. Nursing inquiry courses were evidenced on only half the websites. Course work or research experiences in informatics were mentioned on 22.5% of the websites  biophysical measurement and genetics/genomics were mentioned on fewer than 8% of program websites. Required research experiences and instruction in scientific integrity/research ethics were more common when programs had Institutional Training Award funding (National Institutes of Health T32 mechanism) or were located at a university with a Clinical and Translational Science Award. Changes in education for the next generation of PhD students are critically needed to support advancement of nursing science."""
NaN		2159	"Wynn, J. R. (2009). """"Digital sociology: Emergent technologies in the field and the classroom."""" Sociological Forum 24(2): 448-456."""""	" In this essay, I use my own research experiences to address a critical intersection between technology and sociology. I suggest that thinking reflexively about technology might enhance both how sociologists do research and how they teach about it. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2160	"Yakar, Z. and H. Baykara (2014). """"Inquiry-Based Laboratory Practices in a Science Teacher Training Program."""" EURASIA Journal of Mathematics, Science & Technology Education 10(2): 173-183."""""	" In this study, the effects of inquiry-based learning practices on the scientific process skills, creative thinking, and attitudes towards science experiments of preservice science teachers have been analyzed. A non-experimental quantitative analysis method, the single-group pre test posttest design, has been used. In order to observe the scientific skill level development of pre-service teachers, the Scientific Process Skills Test and experiment worksheets have been used. Furthermore, the Torrance Test of Creative Thinking has been used for determining the development of creative thinking levels and to specify the development of attitudes towards science experiments, the Attitude Scale towards Understanding the Purpose of Science Experiments has been used. At the end of the study, it was determined that inquiry-based laboratory practices improved the scientific process skills and all creative thinking levels and attitudes towards science experiments of pre-service science teachers."""
NaN		2163	"Yang, C. W., et al. (2013). """"Redefining the possibility of digital Earth and geosciences with spatial cloud computing."""" International Journal of Digital Earth 6(4): 297-312."""""	" Global challenges (such as economy and natural hazards) and technology advancements have triggered international leaders and organizations to rethink geosciences and Digital Earth in the new decade. The next generation visions pose grand challenges for infrastructure, especially computing infrastructure. The gradual establishment of cloud computing as a primary infrastructure provides new capabilities to meet the challenges. This paper reviews research conducted using cloud computing to address geoscience and Digital Earth needs within the context of an integrated Earth system. We also introduce the five papers selected through a rigorous review process as exemplar research in using cloud capabilities to address the challenges. The literature and research demonstrate that spatial cloud computing provides unprecedented new capabilities to enable Digital Earth and geosciences in the twenty-first century in several aspects: (1) virtually unlimited computing power for addressing big data storage, sharing, processing, and knowledge discovering challenges, (2) elastic, flexible, and easy-to-use computing infrastructure to facilitate the building of the next generation geospatial cyberinfrastructure, CyberGIS, CloudGIS, and Digital Earth, (3) seamless integration environment that enables mashing up observation, data, models, problems, and citizens, (4) research opportunities triggered by global challenges that may lead to breakthroughs in relevant fields including infrastructure building, GIScience, computer science, and geosciences, and (5) collaboration supported by cloud computing and across science domains, agencies, countries to collectively address global challenges from policy, management, system engineering, acquisition, and operation aspects."""
NaN		2161	"Yang, C.-H., et al. (2011). """"Using WebQuest as a Universal Design for Learning Tool to Enhance Teaching and Learning in Teacher Preparation Programs."""" Journal of College Teaching & Learning 8(3): 21-29."""""	" Developed by Dodge (1995), WebQuest is an inquiry-based teaching tool, in which students of all ages and levels participate in an authentic task that use pre-designed, pre-defined internet resources, though other print resources can also be used. Learners will put the focus on gathering, summarizing, synthesizing, and evaluating the information within clearly defined parameters in order to accomplish an authentic task set by the instructor. WebQuest takes a problem-solving approach and exhibits a clear structure that guides the learning processes and interactions (Dodge, 2001), and can be used for different subject areas across age levels, from young children to adult learners (Ezell, Klein, Hines, & Hall, 2003). In teacher preparation, research has shown that WebQuest enhanced problem-solving skills, higher order thinking, motivation, creativity, critical thinking, active learning, connection to authentic contexts (Abu-Elwan, 2007  Allan & Street, 2007  Lim & Hernandez, 2007) and assisted in bridging the theory to practice gap (Lim & Hernandez, 2007). It should be noted that most studies were conducted on the subject areas of Math, literacy, or science. In Singapore context, many local teachers still haven't heard of WebQuest and learned about using WebQuest in their teaching. Further, few research studies have focused on establishing WebQuest as an evidence-based practice in enhancing teaching and learning or a pedagogy promoting Universal Design for Learning and inquiry based learning. This research project intends to introduce WebQuest, to be modelled and integrated in a course training special education pre-service teachers (allied educators) in Singapore. Specifically, the following research questions were posed: (1) Does the use of WebQuest in teacher preparation promote special education teachers' understanding on Universal Design for Learning (UDL) in accommodating students with diverse learning needs? (2) Does WebQuest a useful tool to enhance teacher's higher order thinking, engagement, creativity, and collaborative learning skills? (3) Does the use of WebQuest in teacher preparation foster stronger desires for teachers to integrate ICT in teaching and learn more about WebQuest? Forty one teachers responded to a survey questionnaire after experiencing WebQuest developed by the course instructor in teacher preparation program. Teachers also learned about WebQuest as an Universal Design for Learning tool for students with diverse learning needs. The majority of teachers indicated strong favors over WebQuest activities over traditional teacher-directed learning methods. All participants found WebQuest helpful in accommodating individual differences and learning styles (Agree: 68.3%  Strongly agree: 31.7%). Forty teachers (N=41) reflected that they used more critical thinking and problem solving skills when they engaged in the WebQuest activities developed by the instructor (39% strongly agree and 56.1% agree). Thirty nine teachers agreed that they were required to use more creativity when they engaged in the WebQuest activities (24.4% of teachers strongly agree and 68.3% agree). The majority of teachers (26.8% strongly agree and 68.3% agree) felt that they know more about ways to incorporate technology for teaching and learning after experiencing WebQuest in this class. They also indicated that they would like to use more technology and web resources in teaching in the future after learning about WebQuest (41.5% strongly agree and 53.7% agree)."""
NaN		2162	"Yang, C.-H., et al. (2012). """"Information and Communication Technology as a Pedagogical Tool in Teacher Preparation and Higher Education."""" Journal of College Teaching & Learning 9(4): 327-338."""""	" Under the current trend of globalization and economic dynamics, the accountability of our educational systems is being seriously tested. In response to the demands of the future, the Ministry of Education (MOE) in Singapore has wisely proposed several initiatives to promote the integration of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) in education, and to increase the competitiveness of the workforce by emphasizing inquiry-based learning, higher order thinking, and problem solving (i.e., Thinking Schools Learning Nation, Students' Effective Engagement and Development). This study asserts that these two goals, rather than being mutually exclusive, are highly related. Research has shown that integrating technology in teaching and learning can have positive influences on higher order thinking, students' motivation, inquiry-based learning, attitudes, achievement, and peer interactions in the classrooms (Bennett, 2001  Schofield, 1995)."""
NaN		2164	"Yang, S.-P. and C.-C. Li (2009). """"Using Student-Developed, Inquiry-Based Experiments to Investigate the Contributions of Ca and Mg to Water Hardness."""" Journal of Chemical Education 86(4): 506-513."""""	" This study provided a challenging opportunity for general chemistry students to mimic the scientific research process by solving a water-quality problem concerning individual calcium and magnesium concentrations. We found that general chemistry students were able to develop their own experiments to solve real-world, multivariable problems through inquiry-based learning. Students investigated the problem through the experiment development processes as follows: (i) They conducted literature searches and led discussions  (ii) They designed, tested, and evaluated their own trial procedures  and (iii) They developed, performed, and evaluated their own experiments. After finishing this project, students knew what scientific inquiry was and how inquiry-based experiments were practiced. Based on student successes on evaluations of their experiments, and positive student responses, we established that this activity is worthwhile in creating an opportunity for undergraduate students to realize and practice scientific inquiry. (Contains 7 tables.)"""
NaN		2166	"Yang, X. H., et al. (2015). """"The Experimental Teaching Reform in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology for Undergraduate Students in Peking University Health Science Center."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 43(6): 428-433."""""	" Since 2010, second-year undergraduate students of an eight-year training program leading to a Doctor of Medicine degree or Doctor of Philosophy degree in Peking University Health Science Center (PKUHSC) have been required to enter the ""Innovative talent training project."""" During that time, the students joined a research lab and participated in some original research work. There is a critical educational need to prepare these students for the increasing accessibility of research experience. The redesigned experimental curriculum of biochemistry and molecular biology was developed to fulfill such a requirement, which keeps two original biochemistry experiments (Gel filtration and Enzyme kinetics) and adds a new two-experiment component called """"Analysis of antitumor drug induced apoptosis."""" The additional component, also known as the """"project-oriented experiment"""" or the """"comprehensive experiment,"""" consists of Western blotting and a DNA laddering assay to assess the effects of etoposide (VP16) on the apoptosis signaling pathways. This reformed laboratory teaching system aims to enhance the participating students overall understanding of important biological research techniques and the instrumentation involved, and to foster a better understanding of the research process all within a classroom setting. Student feedback indicated that the updated curriculum helped them improve their operational and self-learning capability, and helped to increase their understanding of theoretical knowledge and actual research processes, which laid the groundwork for their future research work. (C) 2015 by The International Union of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology, 43: 428-433, 2015."""""
NaN		2165	"Yang, X., et al. (2015). """"The Experimental Teaching Reform in Biochemistry and Molecular Biology for Undergraduate Students in Peking University Health Science Center."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 43(6): 428-433."""""	" Since 2010, second-year undergraduate students of an eight-year training program leading to a Doctor of Medicine degree or Doctor of Philosophy degree in Peking University Health Science Center (PKUHSC) have been required to enter the ""Innovative talent training project."""" During that time, the students joined a research lab and participated in some original research work. There is a critical educational need to prepare these students for the increasing accessibility of research experience. The redesigned experimental curriculum of biochemistry and molecular biology was developed to fulfill such a requirement, which keeps two original biochemistry experiments (Gel filtration and Enzyme kinetics) and adds a new two-experiment component called """"Analysis of anti-tumor drug induced apoptosis."""" The additional component, also known as the """"project-oriented experiment"""" or the """"comprehensive experiment,"""" consists of Western blotting and a DNA laddering assay to assess the effects of etoposide (VP16) on the apoptosis signaling pathways. This reformed laboratory teaching system aims to enhance the participating students overall understanding of important biological research techniques and the instrumentation involved, and to foster a better understanding of the research process all within a classroom setting. Student feedback indicated that the updated curriculum helped them improve their operational and self-learning capability, and helped to increase their understanding of theoretical knowledge and actual research processes, which laid the groundwork for their future research work."""""
NaN		2167	"Yanowitz, K. L., et al. (2010). """"CSI: Creating Student (and Teacher) Investigators--Using Popular Culture in Professional Development."""" Journal of Technology and Teacher Education 18(2): 263-283."""""	" The goal of this article is to present a description of a professional development program designed to immerse middle and high school teachers in an inquiry-based learning environment using a forensic science context and the consequent impact participating in this program had on teachers' pedagogy. Teachers participated in a year-long program consisting of two summer institutes and one programming during the academic year. Teachers spent the first week of each summer institute exploring various science domains using a forensic science context. Week 2 was spent with approximately 100 seventh--twelfth grade students, pedagogy, and teachers taught these students the material they had learned in the prior week, with the support of grant personnel. Academic year activities included two on-campus follow-up meetings. Results revealed teachers were enthusiastic about reform-based pedagogy learned in the institute. Furthermore, many teachers implemented forensic science activities with their own classes during the academic year, using principles covered in the institute. Teachers believed the institute supported their pedagogical changes and acted as change-agents in their schools. (Contains 2 tables and 1 note.)"""
NaN		2168	"Yarnal, B. and R. Neff (2007). """"Teaching Global Change in Local Places: The HERO Research Experiences for Undergraduates Program."""" Journal of Geography in Higher Education 31(3): 413-426."""""	" The Human-Environment Research Observatory (HERO) Research Experience for Undergraduates (REU) program aimed to develop the next generation of researchers working on place-based human-environment problems. The program followed a cooperative learning model to foster an integrated approach to geographic research and to build collaborative research skills. The program hosted 12-16 students annually, who first engaged in an intensive short course and then formed three- or four-person teams to conduct research in four biophysically and socioeconomically diverse places. The teams used cyberinfrastructure to collaborate and integrate their research and findings. Most of the REU students have opted to attend graduate school and specialize in human-environment research. (Contains 3 tables and 2 notes.)"""
NaN		2169	"Yates, J. R. and A. J. Stavnezer (2014). """"Engaging undergraduate summer research students and faculty in a regional neuroscience network."""" The Journal of Undergraduate Neuroscience Education 13(1): A45-A51."""""	" Students who engage in experiential research programs and who form communities of learning are more likely to persist in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) programs. Faculty who collaborate are more likely to publish and to stay engaged in their field. With funding from the Great Lakes Colleges Association (GLCA) Expanding Collaboration Initiative, we engaged in a series of summer seminars with neuroscience faculty and their research students at five regional institutions, the College of Wooster, Ohio Wesleyan University, Earlham College, Oberlin College and Kenyon College. Our goals were to provide an opportunity for faculty and students to learn about the methods used in the labs at these institutions, to increase collaborative relationships across these institutions, to develop a community of learning among participating students, and to provide students with professional development opportunities. Pre- and post-assessment data indicate knowledge gains in demonstrated methods and increased comfort performing the methods with supervision or collaboration. In addition, several collaborative relationships were formed and significant assistance with planning, materials, and/or apparatus was provided across institutions. In open-ended post-experience questions, students indicated valuing the relationships formed with other students in this community of learning. We will continue this program with continued funding through the GLCA Expanding Collaboration Initiative and submission of a multi-center National Science Foundation Research Experience for Undergraduates grant and encourage others to engage in similar practices at their own institutions. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2170	"Yates, M. S., et al. (2016). """"Bringing cancer prevention research competencies to the classroom."""" Journal of Cancer Education."""""	" The field of cancer prevention incorporates research all along the spectrum from basic science studies at the laboratory bench to epidemiology, behavioral sciences, and clinical studies, with the convergence of evidence from these different approaches aimed at implementing public health interventions that reduce the burden of this disease. Due to the necessity of multiple disciplines interacting in order to achieve a public health outcome, traditional discipline-specific training may not be adequately preparing the cancer prevention research workforce. We propose that cancer prevention researchers establish defined professional competencies which will allow them to shape the future directions of the field as well as to collaborate effectively in multidisciplinary teams, disseminate new findings beyond their own scientific circles, and advocate for their implementation for the public good. We previously proposed that these core competencies focus on knowledge of issues in other research fields, interdisciplinary communication, and leadership/teamwork. Here, we describe the reorganization of an existing course to incorporate activities deliberately designed to foster these competencies. We provide details about the course structure, student feedback, and ideas for future versions of this course. We hope this framework will be useful to others who are engaged in the collective effort to develop leaders in the field of cancer prevention research. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2171	"Yazici, A. B., et al. (2015). """"Psychiatrists’ attitudes toward psychopharmacologic treatments during pregnancy and lactation periods: A survey study."""" Klinik Psikofarmakoloji Bülteni / Bulletin of Clinical Psychopharmacology 25(2): 100-108."""""	" Objective: Pregnancy and lactation are risk periods when women are susceptible to psychiatric illnesses. As well as side effects and teratogenic effects of drug utilization, negative effects of untreated psychiatric illnesses on the fetus and mother may be issues of concern. Management of pregnancy and lactation periods may become complicated by a relapse of a psychiatric illness or by using a drug with unexpected harm effecting mother or baby. Mental health professionals are commonly confronted with patients who ask for advice during such times. In determining the course of treatment, the attitudes of mental health professionals are as important as the attitudes of patients. This study was conducted to evaluate attitudes and personal opinions of psychiatrists. Methods: An Internet survey was designed to ask questions about the tendency to use pharmacotherapy, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), or psychotherapy, or to stop or lower the dosage of medicines, and the personal principles of psychiatrists during pregnancy and lactation. The relationship between academic degrees and professed knowledge levels of psychiatrists about management of treatments of pregnant and lactating women and personal comments were also evaluated. Of those asked, 246 psychiatrists replied and 213 online-surveys were completed. Results: Of the respondents, 22.2% were psychiatry residents, 50.9% were attending psychiatrists, 6.6% were assistant professors, 9% were associate professors, and 11.3% were full professors. The results showed that avoidance of starting drug therapy, terminating an ongoing drug treatment, seeking alternatives to drug treatment, transitioning to ECT treatment and consulting a higher center were significantly more common in pregnancy than during the lactation period (p < 0.05). Low, dosage-safe medicine use was preferred in both periods. In cases where drug utilization was deemed necessary, higher scores were obtained regarding the opinion that it was necessary to 'avoid pregnancy' than to 'avoid lactation'. The attitudes of psychiatrists did not change according to the level of their knowledge that they professed. Of psychiatrists, 85% stated that they know and successfully apply drug utilization principles in pregnancy and lactation (always and generally), and 81% stated that during examination, they were able to provide their patients needed information and training. Psychiatrists did not prefer to terminate a pregnancy if medicine was needed for treatment with a response rate of 61.1% for 'never' Conclusions: The present study showed that the psychiatrists were reluctant in prescribing psychotropic drugs during pregnancy, but they were more comfortable doing so in the lactation period. The attitudes of the psychiatrists seemed independent from their generally stated knowledge levels. The present study is valuable because it shows the differences in attitudes of the psychiatrists regarding their treatment approaches in the periods of pregnancy and lactation. More understandable messages from the leading researchers in this area and guidelines are needed for outlining clearer principles. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2172	"Yeary, B. M., et al. (2010). """"Working Together for Better Student Learning: A Multi-University, Multi-Federal Partner Program for Asynchronous Learning Module Development for Radar-Based Remote Sensing Systems."""" IEEE Transactions on Education 53(3): 504-515."""""	" Students are not exposed to enough real-life data. This paper describes how a community of scholars seeks to remedy this deficiency and gives the pedagogical details of an ongoing project that commenced in the Fall 2004 semester. Fostering deep learning, this multiyear project offers a new active-learning, hands-on interdisciplinary laboratory program in which engineering, geoscience, and meteorology students are encouraged to participate actively. Storms, tornadoes, and hazardous weather cause damage and loss that could be minimized through enhanced radar technologies and longer warning lead times. To study these topics, the program has generated a unique, interdisciplinary research-oriented learning environment that will train future engineers and meteorologists in the full set of competencies needed to take raw radar data and transform them into meaningful interpretations of weather phenomena. (Contains 10 figures.)"""
NaN		2173	"Yeoman, K. H. and B. Zamorski (2008). """"Investigating the Impact on Skill Development of an Undergraduate Scientific Research Skills Course."""" Bioscience Education e-Journal 11: 14."""""	" This paper describes the design and subsequent impact of a scientific research skills course. Student understanding of the university research environment, their confidence in finding and using scientific literature and in scientific writing and presentation pre- and post-course was investigated. The findings suggested that understanding of the research environment and research process which was poor pre-course, improved after its completion. This increase in students' understanding and confidence was also observed in their understanding of the research literature, and their ability to write scientifically and present scientific material. The students gave the course a high evaluation rating, praising the teaching and the transferable skills that it offered. The research projects carried out by the students were successful, but during the process it was found that those projects which were less well defined at the start and offered the opportunity to design research questions were more successful in the development of higher cognitive skills than projects which were highly defined at the start. The research project allowed the students to become emotionally attached to their work and this substantially increased their motivation to succeed. This enquiry based learning course provided a platform for the meeting of teaching and research and demonstrated a mutualistic symbiosis. (Contains 5 tables.)"""
NaN		2174	"Ynalvez, R., et al. (2014). """"Research Experiences and Mentoring Practices in Selected East Asian Graduate Programs: Predictors of Research Productivity among Doctoral Students in Molecular Biology."""" Biochemistry and Molecular Biology Education 42(4): 305-322."""""	" Although doctoral mentors recognize the benefits of providing quality advisement and close guidance, those of sharing project management responsibilities with mentees are still not well recognized. We observed that mentees, who have the opportunity to co-manage projects, generate more written output. Here we examine the link between research productivity, doctoral mentoring practices (DMP), and doctoral research experiences (DRE) of mentees in programs in the non-West. Inspired by previous findings that early career productivity is a strong predictor of later productivity, we examine the research productivity of 210 molecular biology doctoral students in selected programs in Japan, Singapore, and Taiwan. Using principal component (PC) analysis, we derive two sets of PCs: one set from 15 DMP and another set from 16 DRE items. We model research productivity using Poisson and negative-binomial regression models with these sets as predictors. Our findings suggest a need to re-think extant practices and to allocate resources toward professional career development in training future scientists. We contend that doctoral science training must not only be an occasion for future scientists to learn scientific and technical skills, but it must also be the opportunity to experience, to acquire, and to hone research management skills."""
NaN		2175	"Yoder, J. D., et al. (2016). """"An Effective Intervention in Research Methods That Reduces Psychology Majors' Sexist Prejudices."""" Teaching of Psychology 43(3): 187-196."""""	" We tested the effectiveness of a course-long intervention in an undergraduate Research Methods course aimed toward reducing students' endorsement of hostile sexism (HS) and benevolent sexism (BS). Reading assignments illustrating diverse research methodologies, lecture examples, and a hands-on research project designed by student teams focused on ambivalent sexism--a topic that has personal relevance for students as well as research findings documenting its harmful individual, interpersonal, and sociopolitical effects. Of the 101 students across three Methods courses taught at a U.S. Midwestern comprehensive university by the same instructor, 31 responded to a postintervention survey, showing significant declines in HS and BS that were not duplicated in a comparison group of 29 twice-tested psychology majors. Supplemental analyses ruled out selection biases between responding and nonresponding intervention students and between all intervention students and 55 comparison psychology majors tested at the start of their courses. Our findings from a quasi-experiment in a naturalistic setting do suggest that repeated exposure to theory and research about ambivalent sexism can favorably influence students' attitudes--thus adding a feminist social justice agenda targeting psychology majors as well as a model for targeting students' other prejudices."""
NaN		2176	"Yoo, Y. (2010). """"COMPUTING IN EVERYDAY LIFE: A CALL FOR RESEARCH ON EXPERIENTIAL COMPUTING."""" Mis Quarterly 34(2): 213-231."""""	" The information systems field emerged as a new discipline of artificial science as a result of intellectual efforts to understand the nature and consequences of computer and communication technology in modern organizations. As the rapid development of digital technology continues to make computers and computing apart of everyday experiences, we are once again in need of a new discipline of the artificial. In this essay, I argue that the IS community must expand its intellectual boundaries by embracing experiential computing as an emerging field of inquiry in order to fill this growing intellectual void. Experiential computing involves digitally mediated embodied experiences in everyday activities through everyday artifacts that have embedded computing capabilities. Experiential computing is enabled by the mediation of four dimensions of human experiences ('time, space, actors, and artifacts) through digital technology. Drawing on a research framework that encompasses both behavioral and design sciences, six research opportunities that the IS research community can explore are suggested. Ultimately, I propose that the IS field return to its roots, the science of the artificial, by decisively expanding the scope of its inquiry and establishing a new domain of research on computing in everyday life experiences."""
NaN		2177	"Yoo, Y., et al. (2012). """"Organizing for Innovation in the Digitized World."""" Organization Science 23(5): 1398-1408."""""	" Our era is one of increasingly pervasive digital technologies, which penetrate deeply into the very core of the products,, services, and operations of many organizations and radically change the nature of product and service innovations. The fundamental properties of digital technology are reprogrammability and data homogenization. Together, they provide an environment of open and flexible affordances that are used in creating innovations characterized by convergence and generativity. An analysis of convergence and generativity observed in innovations with pervasive digital technologies reveals three traits: (1) the importance of digital technology platforms, (2) the emergence of distributed innovations, and (3) the prevalence of combinatorial innovation. Each of the six articles in this special issue relates to one or more of these three traits. In this essay, we explore the organizational research implications of these three digital innovation traits and identify research opportunities for organization science scholars. Examples from the articles in this special issue on organizing for innovation in the digitized world are used to demonstrate the kind of organizational scholarship that can faithfully reflect and inform innovation in a world of pervasive digital technologies."""
NaN		2178	"Youn, S., et al. (2013). """"Strategic supply chain partnership, environmental supply chain management practices, and performance outcomes: an empirical study of Korean firms."""" Journal of Cleaner Production 56: 121-130."""""	" Increasingly, firms have recognized the significance of environmental issues in gaining competitive advantage. Many firms have searched for mechanisms that integrate environmental supply chain practices and performance objectives. This paper explores how strategic supply chain partnership (SSCP) contributes to environmental supply chain management (ESCM). This study presents a research model that defines the details of SSCP and ESCM. Based on the responses of 141 Korean manufacturing firms, the research model is empirically tested through a structural equation model. To the best of our knowledge, this study represents the first empirical test conducted on the integration of SSCP and ESCM as a way of examining how these two critical sets of practices are implemented in the context of Korean firms. Managerial implications and future research opportunities are provided. (C) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		2179	"Young, A., et al. (2015). """"The Journey from Counselor-In-Training to Practitioner Researcher."""" Professional School Counseling 18(1): 217-226."""""	" School counselor preparation necessitates that new counselors are trained to build a comprehensive school counseling program, which means understanding how to use data to develop, implement, and evaluate their interventions. In spite of their school counseling training, first-year school counselors may feel unprepared to use data and lack the experiential accountability skills and advocacy resources to impact systemic student outcomes. This article describes an action research training model for prospective school counselors and proposes that early and frequent exposure to data-driven decision making closes the gap to practitioner research."""
NaN		2180	"Zaback, T., et al. (2010). """"A Program Evaluation of a Summer Research Training Institute for American Indian and Alaska Native Health Professionals."""" American Indian Culture and Research Journal 34(3): 93-106."""""	" In this article, the authors describe a unique summer program to train American Indian/Alaska Native (AI/AN) health professionals in a variety of health research-related skills, including epidemiology, data management, statistical analysis, program evaluation, cost-benefit analysis, community-based participatory research, grant writing, and program/policy development. The Summer Research Training Institute for American Indian/Alaska Native Health Professionals is modeled on the authors' successful Native Researchers' Cancer Control Training Program, established in 1995. Their goal is to provide training in the conduct of scientific research to health professionals in order to increase research capacities and the number of qualified AI/AN principal investigators in Indian country. Here, the authors provide a brief description of their training program and an evaluation of its process and outcomes. (Contains 7 tables and 13 notes.)"""
NaN		2181	"Zacharia, Z. G., et al. (2011). """"Capabilities that enhance outcomes of an episodic supply chain collaboration."""" Journal of Operations Management 29(6): 591-603."""""	" Firms are increasingly dependent on the knowledge and expertise in external organizations to innovate, problem-solve, and improve supply chain performance. This research examines two capabilities that enable firms to collaborate successfully as a means to combine knowledge and expertise in an episodic collaboration initiative. Building from two theoretical foundations, the knowledge-based and relational views of the firm, we examine the effects of absorptive capacity and collaborative process competence on the outcomes of an episodic collaboration initiative. Using structural equation modeling, we empirically validate the positive effect of absorptive capacity, collaborative process competence and level of engagement on the operational and relational success of a collaboration effort. Results show that collaborative process competence mediates the relationship between absorptive capacity and collaborative engagement, and positively influences both operational and relational outcomes. Finally, we offer suggestions for managers to improve the effectiveness of inter-firm collaboration initiatives and discuss future research opportunities. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."""
NaN		2182	"Zafra-Gómez, J. L., et al. (2015). """"Measuring the Impact of Inquiry-Based Learning on Outcomes and Student Satisfaction."""" Assessment & Evaluation in Higher Education 40(8): 1050-1069."""""	" The aim of this study is to determine the impact of inquiry-based learning (IBL) on students' academic performance and to assess their satisfaction with the process. Linear and logistic regression analyses show that examination grades are positively related to attendance at classes and tutorials  moreover, there is a positive significant relationship between academic performance and IBL, which is considered useful for better understanding of the subject. While students' satisfaction is directly associated with class attendance and motivation and with the perceived usefulness of IBL, it is unaffected by attendance at tutorials. We conclude, therefore, that students become more involved in learning and acquire increased knowledge of the subject when an IBL-based method is followed."""
NaN		2183	"Zakari, N. M. A., et al. (2014). """"Developing an understanding of research-based nursing pedagogy among clinical instructors: A qualitative study."""" Nurse Education Today 34(11): 1352-1356."""""	" Background: Effective instruction is imperative to the learning process of clinical nursing instructors. Faculty members are required to provide high-quality teaching and training by using new ways of teaching pedagogical methods to clinical instructors, which have transformed pedagogies from an exclusive clinical model to a holistic model. Purpose: The purpose of this study was to explore clinical instructors' use of planning, implementation, feedback loops, and reflection frameworks to apply research-based teaching and to examine the pedagogy used during field experience. Method: Data for the qualitative study were obtained from twenty purposefully sampled clinical teachers (n = 20) via lists of questioned instructional practices and discussions, semi-structured interviews, observational notes, field notes, and written reflections. Data were analyzed by using a triangulation method to ensure trustworthiness, credibility, and reliability. Findings: Three main themes emerged regarding the use of research-based teaching strategies: the need for learning about research-based pedagogy, support mechanisms to implement innovative teaching strategies, and transitioning from nursing student to nursing clinical instructors. Conclusion: It has been well documented that the nursing profession faces a serious shortage of nursing faculty, impacting the quality of clinical teaching. Developing clinical instructor programs to give students opportunities to select instructor pathways, focusing on knowledge promoting critical thinking and life-long professional development, is essential. Nursing colleges must collaborate by using a partnership model to achieve competency in planning, implementation, feedback loops, and reflection. Applying research-based clinical teaching requires the development of programs that integrate low-fidelity simulation and assisted instruction through the use of computers in Nursing Colleges. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."""
NaN		2184	Zakaria, N. S. and J. Warren (2014). INQUIRY-BASED TEACHING AND LEARNING IN COUNSELING ETHICS EDUCATION. Inquiry-Based Learning for the Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences: a Conceptual and Practical Resource for Educators. P. Blessinger and J. M. Carfora. 2: 147-167.	" This chapter highlights the perspectives, examples, and applications on the current trend in teaching and learning counseling ethics education in a more effective way. The trend utilizes inquiry-based learning concept and educational activities to foster counselor education training programs fast-forward in meeting the social demands and global challenges. The discussion is based on the theme emerged from an interpretive case study research conducted by the authors, in addition to the insightful literature authored by the profound educators and counseling researchers, globally. Teaching and learning counseling ethics education is an integrative effort and is more than just content acquisition from textbooks. In addition, the inquiry-based teaching and learning approach can be a tool in finding solutions for authentic problems through in-depth investigations while learning counseling ethics education. This chapter hopefully will improve counselor educators' ability, strengthen counselor education training programs' capability, and expand counseling students ethical competency  for creating innovations and adaptations in teaching and learning counseling ethics education, utilizing inquiry-based learning toward enhanced professional ethical practice in counseling realm."""
NaN		2185	Zavras, A. I. (2011). The impact of bisphosphonates on oral health: lessons from the past and opportunities for the future. Bisphosphonates and Osteonecrosis of the Jaw. J. P. Bilezikian and J. T. Grbic. 1218: 55-61.	" Osteonecrosis of the jaw (ONJ), a challenging medical condition seen primarily among intravenous bisphosphonate (BP) users, is characterized by exposed necrotic bone that persists for more than eight weeks. While rare among people with osteoporosis treated with oral BPs, ONJ has captured the public's attention and caused significant distress. For many, the risk-benefit scale has conceptually changed, tipping steeply toward risk, while for others the benefit of increased bone mass still outweighs the possibility of ONJ. While more than seven years have passed since the first cases were published, the scientific and medical communities are not yet ready to address with certainty the issue of causal inference, nor do they have any concrete recommendations for risk assessment or management of ONJ. Equally important, the dental literature has been skewed by the perceived risk associated with prolonged use of BPs and has neglected to explore how the antiosteoclastic activity of BPs may be utilized to improve dental outcomes. This article reviews critically the current state of knowledge about the impact of bisphosphonates on oral health. Using the principles of epidemiology, the article identifies scientific gains, research challenges, and future research opportunities on the topic."""
NaN		2186	"Zawacki-Richter, O. (2009). """"Research Areas in Distance Education: A Delphi Study."""" International Review of Research in Open and Distance Learning 10(3): 17."""""	" This study had three purposes: Firstly, to develop a categorization of research areas in distance education  secondly, to identify the most important research areas in distance education  and thirdly, to identify the most neglected research areas in distance education. Based on a literature review and a Delphi study, three broad levels or perspectives with 15 research areas were derived to organize the body of knowledge in distance education. Prospective researchers can use the results to identify gaps and priority areas and to explore potential research directions. (Contains 1 figure and 4 tables.)"""
NaN		2187	"Zehl, L., et al. (2016). """"Handling Metadata in a Neurophysiology Laboratory."""" Frontiers in Neuroinformatics 10."""""	" To date, non-reproducibility of neurophysiological research is a matter of intense discussion in the scientific community. A crucial component to enhance reproducibility is to comprehensively collect and store metadata, that is, all information about the experiment, the data, and the applied preprocessing steps on the data, such that they can be accessed and shared in a consistent and simple manner. However, the complexity of experiments, the highly specialized analysis workflows and a lack of knowledge on how to make use of supporting software tools often overburden researchers to perform such a detailed documentation. For this reason, the collected metadata are often incomplete, incomprehensible for outsiders or ambiguous. Based on our research experience in dealing with diverse datasets, we here provide conceptual and technical guidance to overcome the challenges associated with the collection, organization, and storage of metadata in a neurophysiology laboratory. Through the concrete example of managing the metadata of a complex experiment that yields multi-channel recordings from monkeys performing a behavioral motor task, we practically demonstrate the implementation of these approaches and solutions with the intention that they may be generalized to other projects. Moreover, we detail five use cases that demonstrate the resulting benefits of constructing a well-organized metadata collection when processing or analyzing the recorded data, in particular when these are shared between laboratories in a modern scientific collaboration. Finally, we suggest an adaptable workflow to accumulate, structure and store metadata from different sources using, by way of example, the odML metadata framework."""
NaN		2188	"Zemore, S. E. and I. Ajzen (2014). """"Predicting substance abuse treatment completion using a new scale based on the theory of planned behavior."""" Journal of Substance Abuse Treatment 46(2): 174-182."""""	" We examined whether a 9-item scale based on the theory of planned behavior (TPB) predicted substance abuse treatment completion. Data were collected at a public, outpatient program among clients initiating treatment (N = 200). Baseline surveys included measures of treatment-related attitudes, norms, perceived control, and intention  discharge status was collected from program records. As expected, TPB attitude and control components independently predicted intention (model R-squared = .56), and intention was positively associated with treatment completion even including clinical and demographic covariates (model R-squared = .24). TPB components were generally associated with the alternative readiness scales as expected, and the TPB remained predictive at higher levels of coercion. Meanwhile, none of the standard measures of readiness (e.g., the URICA and TREAT) or treatment coercion were positively associated with treatment participation. Results suggest promise for application of the TPB to treatment completion and support use of the intention component as a screener, though some refinements are suggested. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2189	"Zeng, L. M., et al. (2013). """"Measuring the research experience of research postgraduate students in Hong Kong."""" Higher Education Research & Development 32(4): 672-686."""""	" To date, there has been little research in non-Western contexts exploring the research experience of research higher degree (RHD) students and the effect of research experience on student outcomes. The purposes of this study were to validate the Student Research Experience Questionnaire (SREQ) developed in Australia in the Hong Kong context and to explore the relationships between student research experiences and their perceived skill development and overall satisfaction with their research degree experiences. Data were collected from 599 RHD students. The results supported the construct validity of four SREQ scales (supervision, infrastructure, intellectual climate and skill development). The results of the structural equation modelling suggested that supervision related to students’ perceived skill development and overall satisfaction, while intellectual climate and infrastructure were related to overall satisfaction only. The data provide a better understanding of how we can promote positive learning outcomes of RHD students. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2190	"Zhang, D. H. and T. Campbell (2012). """"An Exploration of the Potential Impact of the Integrated Experiential Learning Curriculum in Beijing, China."""" International Journal of Science Education 34(7): 1093-1123."""""	" This study examines the effectiveness of the Integrated Experiential Learning Curriculum (IELC) in China. This curriculum was developed to engage Chinese elementary students in science to cultivate a scientifically literate society by focusing science instruction on practical applications of scientific knowledge. Cornerstones of the approach adopted are scientific inquiry and Science-Technology-Society instruction. An experimental IELC (n = 7 teachers  n = 201 students) group and control non-IELC (n = 6 teachers  n = 184 students) group of elementary teachers and students were studied to determine whether significant differences could be found over a one-year intervention period. Pre- and post-measures were used to track teachers' attitude about teaching science and student attitude about science as well as student citizenship beliefs. Additionally, post-measures of student attitude toward the learning environment and teacher quality classroom observations were made of both teacher groups. Sequential (or hierarchical) ordinary least-squares regression analyzes were conducted to investigate which factors influenced teacher attitudes about the initial three outcome measures investigated (i.e. teacher attitude about teaching science, student attitude about science, and student citizenship beliefs), an independent t-test was conducted to investigate differences in student attitude toward the learning environment, and descriptive statistics were used to investigate teacher quality across the two groups. Based on the findings, the IELC has shown promise for improving teachers' attitudes about teaching science and their teaching quality. When considering student measures, the IELC (1) improved students' attitude toward science, (2) their citizen beliefs, and (3) their attitudes about the learning environment."""
NaN		2191	"Zhang, L. E. and D. S. A. Guttormsen (2016). """"""""Multiculturality"""" as a key methodological challenge during in-depth interviewing in international business research."""" Cross Cultural & Strategic Management 23(2): 232-256."""""	" Purpose - Although qualitative methods have now gained a stronger foothold in international business (IB) research, they remain under researched, especially regarding how researchers can overcome obstacles created when interviewers exhibit ""multiculturality"""" during international field research projects. The purpose of this paper is to analyse how researchers' multicultural backgrounds create challenges and opportunities in data collection during in-depth interviewing, and how such backgrounds further impact on the power imbalance between researchers and interviewees. Design/methodology/approach - The two multicultural co-authors of this paper draw upon their 141 in-depth interview experiences with expatriates and local staff across five separate field research projects in Mainland China, Hong Kong SAR, South Korea, Finland, and the USA. Field research experiences are analysed through a Bourdieusian-inspired """"epistemic reflexive"""" self-interrogation process between the two co-authors. Findings - This paper suggests five strategies to cope with the power imbalance between the researcher and the respondent in terms of social categorisation and language: activating the """"favoured"""" ethnicity, putting the """"desired"""" passport forward, constantly reassuring of belonging to the """"right"""" social category, bonding in the interviewee's mother tongue, and adopting a multilingual approach characterised by frequent code-switching. Originality/value - This paper emphasises the relevance of exploratory, self-reflexive analysis, and uncovers how social categorisation and language influence the interviewer-interviewee power imbalance. Distinct methodological contributions are proposed accordingly for IB literature: placing """"multiculturality"""" as an important concept at the forefront of qualitative IB research""  and identifying ethnicity and accent as key factors in terms of securing and conducting interviews."""
NaN		2192	"Zhang, P. S. L., et al. (2014). """"Evaluation of a Health Professionals' Training Program to Conduct Research in New York City's Asian American Community."""" American Journal of Health Education 45(2): 97-104."""""	" Background: Because health disparities among Asian Americans are understudied, a partnership program between the Charles B. Wang Community Health Center and the Center for the Study of Asian American Health was created to increase awareness and interest in Asian American research. Purpose: To evaluate the process, outcome, and impact of a health professionals' research training program. Methods: Mixed research methods were employed to collect data from online surveys administered to mentors and trainees of the program. Results: Although many trainees did not continue to pursue Asian American health disparities research, the results indicate that the program has positive impacts on trainees in their preparedness to conduct community-based participatory research (CBPR), work within the Asian American community, and network with public health professionals and researchers. Discussion: This evaluation adds to the current literature of research training programs, but more research on Asian American health disparities is needed. Translation to Health Education Practice: Although the program has helped raise awareness in Asian American health disparities research, more Asian American-specific research training programs are needed to stimulate a true generation of researchers."""
NaN		2193	"Zhang, Y. C., et al. (2016). """"Feature based building orientation optimization for additive manufacturing."""" Rapid Prototyping Journal 22(2): 358-376."""""	" Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to present research work based on the authors' conceptual framework reported in the VRAP Conference 2013. It is related with an efficient method to obtain an optimal part build orientation for additive manufacturing (AM) by using AM features with associated AM production knowledge and multi-attribute decision-making (MADM). The paper also emphasizes the importance of AM feature and the implied AM knowledge in AM process planning. Design/methodology/approach - To solve the orientation problem in AM, two sub-tasks, the generation of a set of alternative orientations and the identification of an optimal one within the generated list, should be accomplished. In this paper, AM feature is defined and associated with AM production knowledge to be used for generating a set of alternative orientations. Key attributes for the decision-making of the orientation problem are then identified and used to represent those generated orientations. Finally, an integrated MADM model is adopted to find out the optimal orientation among the generated alternative orientations. Findings - The proposed method to find out an optimal part build orientation for those parts with simple or medium complex geometric shapes is reasonable and efficient. It also has the potential to deal with more complex parts with cellular or porous structures in a short time by using high-performance computers. Research limitations/implications - The proposed method is a proof-of-concept. There is a need to investigate AM feature types and the association with related AM production knowledge further so as to suite the context of orientating parts with more complex geometric features. There are also research opportunities for developing more advanced algorithms to recognize AM features and generate alternative orientations and refine alternative orientations. Originality/value - AM feature is defined and introduced to the orientation problem in AM for generating the alternative orientations. It is also used as one of the key attributes for decision-making so as to help express production requirements on specific geometric features of a desired part."""
NaN		2194	"Zhang, Y. H., et al. (2012). """"Attitudes toward statistics in medical postgraduates: measuring, evaluating and monitoring."""" Bmc Medical Education 12."""""	" Background: In medical training, statistics is considered a very difficult course to learn and teach. Current studies have found that students' attitudes toward statistics can influence their learning process. Measuring, evaluating and monitoring the changes of students' attitudes toward statistics are important. Few studies have focused on the attitudes of postgraduates, especially medical postgraduates. Our purpose was to understand current attitudes regarding statistics held by medical postgraduates and explore their effects on students' achievement. We also wanted to explore the influencing factors and the sources of these attitudes and monitor their changes after a systematic statistics course. Methods: A total of 539 medical postgraduates enrolled in a systematic statistics course completed the pre-form of the Survey of Attitudes Toward Statistics -28 scale, and 83 postgraduates were selected randomly from among them to complete the post-form scale after the course. Results: Most medical postgraduates held positive attitudes toward statistics, but they thought statistics was a very difficult subject. The attitudes mainly came from experiences in a former statistical or mathematical class. Age, level of statistical education, research experience, specialty and mathematics basis may influence postgraduate attitudes toward statistics. There were significant positive correlations between course achievement and attitudes toward statistics. In general, student attitudes showed negative changes after completing a statistics course. Conclusions: The importance of student attitudes toward statistics must be recognized in medical postgraduate training. To make sure all students have a positive learning environment, statistics teachers should measure their students' attitudes and monitor their change of status during a course. Some necessary assistance should be offered for those students who develop negative attitudes."""
NaN		2196	"Zhou, F., et al. (2015). """"Barriers to Research Utilization among Registered Nurses in Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospitals: A Cross-Sectional Survey in China."""" Evidence-based Complementary and Alternative Medicine."""""	" Background. As there might be relevant differences with regard to research utilization in the general hospitals, we aimed to study research utilization among registered nurses working in traditional Chinese medicine hospitals. Methods. A total of 648 registered nurses from 4 tertiary-level hospitals in China were recruited for participation. A modified BARRIERS Scale and self-designed questionnaires were used for data collection. Data were analyzed with descriptive statistics, t-tests, and one-way ANOVAs and Spearman correlation analysis. Results. Overall, items which belong to the subscale ""Research"""" were identified as the most important barriers. Among the individual items, the lack of time on the job was ranked as the top barrier, followed by the lack of knowledgeable colleagues and by overwhelming research publications. Clinical experience, working pressure, job satisfaction, and research experience could be identified as associated factors for barriers to research utilization. Conclusions. Registered nurses in traditional Chinese medicine hospitals felt high barriers to research utilization. Reducing registered nurses' working pressure, promoting their positive attitude to nursing, and improving research training might be helpful for increasing research utilization. Close cooperation between clinical and nursing schools or academic research centres might facilitate the necessary change in nursing education and routine."""""
NaN		2195	"Zhou, F., et al. (2016). """"Attitude, Knowledge, and Practice on Evidence-Based Nursing among Registered Nurses in Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospitals: A Multiple Center Cross-Sectional Survey in China."""" Evidence-based Complementary and Alternative Medicine."""""	" Objective. This study was to describe RNs' attitude, knowledge, and practice on evidence-based practice (EBP) in traditional Chinese nursing field and to estimate the related sociodemographic and professional factors. Methods. A multiple institutional cross-sectional survey design with self-reported EBP Questionnaire (EBPQ) and self-designed questionnaires were used. Results. The average scores of the total EBPQ were with a mean of 4.24 (SD = 0.79). The score of attitude was the highest one, followed by the knowledge score, and the lowest one is practice. RNs with longer experience reported stronger EBP knowledge (H = 6.64,P 0.05). And RNs under higher working pressure reported less positive attitudes (rho-0.17,P 0.001), whereas RNs holding negative professional attitude reported lower scores (Spearman's rho: 0.12 to 0.15,P. 0.001). Significant statistics were found between RNs with research experience and without in attitude (t= -2.40,P 0.05) and knowledge (t = -2.43,P 0.05). Conclusions. Respondents generally viewed EBP positively and their attitudes towards EBP tended to be more positive than knowledge and practice of EBP. Data also showed that longer working experience, having administrative position, research experience, lighter working load, and better professional attitude might facilitate EBP."""
NaN		2197	"Zhou, H. X., et al. (2012). """"Practice-Oriented Intuitive Approach for Engineering Undergraduates: A Case Study."""" International Journal of Engineering Education 28(4): 824-830."""""	" Although mathematical illustrations are widely used to explain concepts in control engineering education, however it appears somewhat difficult for some students to understand in the initial stage and then results in reducing of their learning enthusiasm. We noticed that students have huge interesting and active attitudes about experiment. In this paper, we introduced the experiment of point-to-point movement, typically in manufacture industry, for the students with no any control knowledge. Based on the principles of traditional rotary motors, students are guided to design a linear motor platform. The linear motor moves from zero position to a desired position. Students are requested to do their best to design a controller based on their intuitions and experiment results. The results and problems occurred will encourage students to study control knowledge and back to solve the problems. This practice-oriented intuitive approach (POIA) offers an alternative to learning control theory from concrete experience, so students can grasp knowledge and relate control concepts to simple events. A case study is provided, which involves a team of five undergraduates with a project named linear motor driven inverted pendulum and controller design sponsored through the Undergraduate Research Program (URP) by China Agricultural University. The results confirm the effectiveness of the proposed method."""
NaN		2198	"Zhou, Y. Y., et al. (2015). """"Incorporating Research Experiences into an Introductory Materials Science Course."""" International Journal of Engineering Education 31(6): 1491-1503."""""	" This study investigated whether the inclusion of a student-centered research component in an introductory materials science course resulted in a larger knowledge gain relative to traditional pedagogies. The redesigned course was taught in five different sections, over three academic years, at one of the largest public university, namely Texas A&M. Gains in conceptual understanding were quantified by comparing pre- and post-course completion Materials Concept Inventory (MCI) scores. Pre- and post-Pittsburgh Engineering Attitudes Scale-Revised (PEAS-R) was used to measure the impact of redesign course on student attitudes towards engineering. Additionally, a post hoc survey was conducted to collect students' opinions on research experiences at the end of semester. Students in the redesigned class demonstrated higher knowledge gain on the MCI relative to traditional lectures, consistent with previous studies that examined the effect of in-class active learning pedagogies. The post hoc survey showed a positive response of the students' with regards to improvements in their critical thinking, quality of learning, oral, written, and communication skills."""
NaN		2199	"Zhu, G. and C. Singh (2012). """"Improving Students' Understanding of Quantum Measurement. II. Development of Research-Based Learning Tools."""" Physical Review Special Topics - Physics Education Research 8(1): 010118-010111."""""	" We describe the development and implementation of research-based learning tools such as the Quantum Interactive Learning Tutorials and peer-instruction tools to reduce students' common difficulties with issues related to measurement in quantum mechanics. A preliminary evaluation shows that these learning tools are effective in improving students' understanding of concepts related to quantum measurement. (Contains 9 figures and 3 tables.) [For Part I, see EJ975377.]"""
NaN		2200	"Ziegler, C. R., et al. (2015). """"Digital repository of associations between environmental variables: A new resource to facilitate knowledge synthesis."""" Ecological Indicators 53: 61-69."""""	" Responsible care and management of Earth's resources requires scientific support, but the pool of under-used research is growing rapidly. Environmental science research studies describe associations between variables (e.g. statistical relationships between stressors and responses). We propose open-access and online sharing of such associations. This concept differs from various efforts around the world to promote sharing of primary research data, but holds similar goals of improved use of existing knowledge. The initiative is made possible by recent developments in information technology and evolving online culture (e.g. crowdsourcing and citizen science). We have begun to connect existing projects that catalog and store associations, thereby moving toward a single virtual repository. Researchers and decision makers. may share and re-use associations for myriad purposes, including: increasing efficiency and timeliness of systematic reviews, environmental assessments and meta-analyses, identifying knowledge gaps and research opportunities, providing evolved metrics of research impact, and demonstrating connections between research and environmental improvement. (C) 2015 Published by Elsevier Ltd."""
NaN		2201	"Zier, K. and L. D. Coplit (2009). """"INSPIRE: The Individual Scholarly Project and Independent Research Experience in Undergraduate Medical Education."""" Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine 76(4): 387-391."""""	" Individualized learning is a fundamental tenet of the Carnegie Foundation's new recommendations for physician training. A primary goal of Mount Sinai School of Medicine's new curriculum is to train self-directed physicians who have mastered lifelong learning skills. The Individual Scholarly Project and Independent Research Experience (INSPIRE) was created to enable fourth-year students to conduct mentored, independent scholarly projects to develop critical thinking skills and intellectual independence. Four students were accepted into the 2008 12-week pilot. Two did clinical research, 1 conducted medical education research, and 1 continued a basic science project. INSPIRE featured weekly sessions in which students shared their progress, heard about the careers of physician-scientists, and participated in presentation skills workshops. Mentors gave feedback using a form based on the program goals. Anonymous evaluations showed that all participants believed their goals were successfully fulfilled, that the likilihood of including research in their careers increased, and that they felt more skilled at writing abstracts and presenting their work orally. Students agreed that INSPIRE was a valuable opportunity for acquiring in-depth knowledge on a topic and building research and presentation skills. Helping students shape an individualized scholarly experience may help to produce doctors who are self-directed, are personally fulfilled, are able to serve society with diverse expertise, and have the tools to become leaders"""
NaN		2202	"Zier, K., et al. (2012). """"An innovative portfolio of research training programs for medical students."""" Immunologic Research 54(1-3): 286-291."""""	" Medical student education continues to evolve, with an increasing emphasis on evidence-based decision making in clinical settings. Many schools are introducing scholarly programs to their curriculum in order to foster the development of critical thinking and analytic skills, encourage self-directed learning, and develop more individualized learning experiences. In addition, participation in rigorous scholarly projects teaches students that clinical care and research should inform each other, with the goal of providing more benefit to patients and society. Physician-scientists, and physicians who have a better appreciation of science, have the potential to be leaders in the field who will deliver outstanding clinical care, contribute new knowledge, and educate their patients."""
NaN		2203	"Zimmerman, R. D., et al. (2016). """"Who withdraws? Psychological individual differences and employee withdrawal behaviors."""" Journal of Applied Psychology 101(4): 498-519."""""	" Psychological individual differences, such as personality, affectivity, and general mental ability, have been shown to predict numerous work-related behaviors. Although there is substantial research demonstrating relationships between psychological individual differences and withdrawal behaviors (i.e., lateness, absenteeism, and turnover), there is no integrative framework providing scholars and practitioners a guide for conceptualizing how, why, and under what circumstances we observe such relationships. In this integrative conceptual review we: (a) utilize the Cognitive-Affective Processing System framework (Mischel & Shoda, 1995) to provide an overarching theoretical basis for how psychological individual differences affect withdrawal behaviors  (b) create a theoretical model of the situated person that summarizes the existing empirical literature examining the effect of psychological differences on withdrawal behavior  and (c) identify future research opportunities based on our review and integrative framework. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2204	"Zinn, S., et al. (2016). """"Information Literacy Education in the South African Classroom: Reflections from Teachers' Journals in the Western Cape Province."""" Libri 66(1): 31-44."""""	" This qualitative study reports on teachers in the Western Cape as they attempt to embed information literacy in their classrooms. It explores how teachers come to understand information literacy and the extent to which they change their beliefs about guiding research projects in a more concerted way. The research questions were: (1) how do teachers understand information literacy education? (2) how do teachers make their information literacy explicit in the classroom? and (3) at what level are teachers' web knowledge and skills? The teachers, who were part of an information literacy education course, formed a purposive sample. The data for this study emanated from solicited, reflective journals which participants kept over a period of eight to 10 weeks. Information seeking and use theory and an inquiry-based approach to learning frame this research. Motivation for the study is rooted in a curriculum which embodies information literacy characteristics. Traditionally, information literacy has been the domain of the school librarian. Only 16.82% of South African schools have a stocked library. With so few school libraries and no official position in schools for a qualified school librarian, the onus for teaching information literacy thus rests on the teacher. This article provides the context for South African education and a review of the information literacy literature with an emphasis on South Africa and teachers' information literacy. The results show that, despite many obstacles in these teachers' paths, they express a fairly sound understanding of information literacy education by the end of the journaling exercise. However, fewer teachers can competently mediate information literacy in the classroom. One of the major barriers to information literacy is the teachers' slow adoption of the World Wide Web. Recommendations for further study include examining teacher education programmes for their inclusion of information literacy education  for awareness of plagiarism and the ethics of information use in the school environment  and the effect of information and communication technology on learners' information literacy."""
NaN		2205	"Zion, M., et al. (2013). """"Teachers' performances during a practical dynamic open inquiry process."""" Teachers and Teaching 19(6): 695-716."""""	" The research goal of this study was to determine whether teachers who participated in an inquiry-based course were able to internalize a dynamic open inquiry process. This study focused on 25 science teachers who participated in an annual inquiry-based academic course. Several teaching tools helped teachers employ an open inquiry process. We concluded that the teaching tools applied by teachers in documenting their inquiry processes enabled them to express dynamic inquiry characteristics. The results indicate consistency between the criteria most frequent in teachers' inquiries and the criteria running through their reflections. In addition, teachers implemented the dynamic inquiry criteria in their classroom teaching."""
NaN		2206	"Zirakparvar, A. N. (2015). """"A Balancing Act in the Third Space: Graduate-Level Earth Science in an Urban Teacher-Residency Program."""" Journal of Geoscience Education 63(3): 167-175."""""	" This article describes a museum-based urban teacher-residency (UTR) program's approach to building subject-specific content knowledge and research experience in Earth Science teacher candidates. In the museum-based program, graduate-level science courses and research experiences are designed and implemented specifically for the UTR by active Earth and Space research scientists that account for almost half of the program's faculty. Because these courses and research experiences are designed specifically for the teacher candidates, they are different from many science courses and research experiences available to preservice teachers in a university setting. At the same time, the museum-based program is the only UTR, to our knowledge, to incorporate such a rigorous science curriculum, and this article considers some possible advantages and disadvantages of the program's approach. Because the museum-based program's science curriculum is balanced against the educational coursework and teaching residencies that necessarily form the program's backbone, the museum's approach to strengthening the teacher candidate's science background may also inform the faculty and administration of other UTRs in cases in which one of their program goals is to further expand their teacher candidate's content knowledge and practical subject matter experience."""
NaN		2207	"Zoupidis, A., et al. (2016). """"The impact of procedural and epistemological knowledge on conceptual understanding: The case of density and floating–sinking phenomena."""" Instructional Science 44(4): 315-334."""""	" The aim of the present study was twofold. First, we aimed to replicate the findings of previous studies which had showed a substantial improvement on procedural and epistemological knowledge after direct instruction and their maintenance in time. Second, we aimed to examine the dynamic relationships of the procedural (control of variables strategy) and epistemological (nature of models) knowledge and the conceptual understanding of interrelated phenomena (floating–sinking) and subordinate abstract concepts (density) that have been developed to explain these phenomena across the learning process. A five-unit teaching learning sequence was organized and implemented in three 5th grade (N = 53) science classes. Participants answered at three time points—before, immediately following and 7 months after the implementation—in a questionnaire involving eight questions concerning the four abovementioned teaching and learning content areas. The collected data was used to test, with Path analysis, the validity of the theoretically designed model that depicted the causal relationships between the four areas. The inquiry-based activities were successful in bringing students’ ideas closer to the scientific knowledge. In addition, the model fitted in well with our data. So, the instruction of procedural and epistemological knowledge was crucial in the conceptual understanding of density in the frame of floating–sinking interpretation. In addition, understanding of the concept of density as a property of materials immediately following the implementation contributes significantly to students’ interpretations of floating–sinking phenomena even 7 months later. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2208	"Zseby, T., et al. (2016). """"Teaching Network Security With IP Darkspace Data."""" IEEE Transactions on Education 59(1): 1-7."""""	" This paper presents a network security laboratory project for teaching network traffic anomaly detection methods to electrical engineering students. The project design follows a research-oriented teaching principle, enabling students to make their own discoveries in real network traffic, using data captured from a large IP darkspace monitor operated at the University of California, San Diego (UCSD). Although darkspace traffic does not include bidirectional conversations (only attempts to initiate them), it contains traffic related to or actually perpetrating a variety of network attacks originating from millions of Internet addresses around the world. This breadth of coverage makes this darkspace data an excellent choice for a hands-on study of Internet attack detection techniques. In addition, darkspace data is less privacy-critical than other network traces, because it contains only unwanted network traffic and no legitimate communication. In the lab exercises presented, students learn about network security challenges, search for suspicious anomalies in network traffic, and gain experience in presenting and interpreting their own findings. They acquire not only security-specific technical skills but also general knowledge in statistical data analysis and data mining techniques. They are also encouraged to discover new phenomena in the data, which helps to ignite their general interest in science and engineering research. The Vienna University of Technology, Austria, first implemented this laboratory during the summer semester 2014, with a class of 41 students. With the help of the Center for Applied Internet Data Analysis (CAIDA) at UCSD, all exercises and IP darkspace data are publicly available."""
NaN		2209	"Zukauskas, E. and B. Neverauskas (2008). """"CONCEPTIONAL MODEL OF COMMERCIAL BANK MANAGEMENT."""" Inzinerine Ekonomika-Engineering Economics(5): 41-47."""""	" Commercial banks are business companies, however, due to their specifics they must be conservative in their decisions, but dynamic in customer service. These two preconditions are vital for surviving in the competitive environment of business. Conservativism is reflected by statics  hierarchy in decision making at the management level ensures fast adoption of strategic decisions, which is regulated by the levels of subordination. Dynamic work of departments in customer service level warrants flexible, fast and qualitative relationships with the users (clients). It is noteworthy that when comparing improvement and adaptation of banks and organizations in general, it can be seen that banks are rapidly introducing innovations, supplementing the scope of their offering with electronic services: electronic banking, payment cards, online credit services, etc.  however, when analyzing the improvement of organizational structures, it can be stated that in banks there is no adjustable organizational structure, thus, rigid relationships remain between the elements of the bank preventing the development of responsibility and flexibility. The explored scientific literature allows stating that the scientific literature purposely analyzing the bank development process and its consequences to the structure Of management as well as to the management of bank network has not been widely analyzed, and the sources of literature are sparse. Scientific literature on the subject of banks more often deals with the management aspects Of bank assets' liquidity  it also considers the bank risk management models, while emphasizing the importance of operational risk management. The article is dedicated to revealing the management of the commercial bank network when changing the established organizational structure with the two main parts - static and dynamic. Based on scientific works of management specialists, the essence of the bank and its organizational structure is discussed, process of bank development is revealed, which represents the prerequisite for the new structural model of bank management. Tactical management of the bank ensures its vitality - support and performance of all functions. Strategic management includes the entirety of decisions, which determine the bank's success. Day-to-day management refers to dynamics, and dynamic organizational management structure is, therefore, necessary. Strategic management is statics, and static organizational management structure is, therefore, needed Strategic management is ensured by the manager of the organization, in this case, of the bank. Manager (of the bank, bank branch, department, division) has to make strategic decisions not as fast as tactical (everyday) ones. Day-to-day decisions cannot be postponed, they must be made immediately, rapidly, in order to ensure smooth process of work satisfaying the customers. Dynamic model of commercial bank management allows manifestation and revelation of employees' competence, qualification and creativity in routine activities. Moreover, the staff also assume the responsibility and do not digress from the limits of their empowerments. Conceptional model of commercial bank management should be highly beneficial to the bank: more funds could be allocated to scientific research works, market research, training of the staff and improvement of qualification  an opportunity would appear to attract the energetic specialists and managers of high qualification with higher salaries."""
NaN		2210	"Zulu, C. (2011). """"Empowering first year (post-matric) students in basic research skills: a strategy for education for social justice."""" South African Journal of Education 31(3): 447-457."""""	" Post-matric students from under-resourced (historically disadvantaged) black high schools generally encounter difficulties in their academic work at university The study reported here was intended to empower first year (post-matric) students from these schools with basic research skills in a hid to counteract the effects of their high school under-preparedness. The context of an English and Academic skills module was used to offer a hands-on collaborative research skills experience based on John Dewey's concept of ""learning-by-doing"""". The students were an intact class of Human and Social Sciences first year students involved in a research endeavour based on student-generated topics. The research project was carried out in small groups during the second semester of the year. Qualitative data were collected by means of an open-ended questionnaire and a written report at the end of the year. Students reported that the collaborative research experience had a positive effect on their basic research, reading, writing, and critical thinking skills, and it empowered them to work in groups on a project. They had not been exposed to this experience at high school."""""
NaN		2211	"Zutshi, S., et al. (2011). """"Undergraduate Student Acceptance of a Unit Design for Developing Independent Learning Abilities."""" Journal of University Teaching and Learning Practice 8(3): 18."""""	" This paper describes a method intended to advance students along the path to independent learning. The method is consistent with the principles of enquiry-based learning. It involves restructuring student contact class time into a single three-hour block, and dedicating the majority of this time to working in small research project groups. Non-punitive, formative feedback is provided continuously on student work through the semester. In order to gain insight into the student experience of the design, a qualitative study using focus groups was conducted across two consecutive semesters. Reflection on the teaching experience in light of the student responses provides insight into aspects that have worked well, particularly the nature and channels of support provided to students. Despite the students' unfamiliarity with the unit design, the contact structure and the group work has been popular and has been perceived as contributing to the students' learning experience. The levels of support and feedback made possible through the unit design have also been very positively viewed. However, interesting questions are also raised. The first is regarding the balance between encouraging independent learning and the provision of structure and support by staff. The second is related to going beyond student perceptions and reliably measuring changes in independent learning abilities. (Contains 2 tables.)"""
NaN		2213	"Zuzuárregui, J. R. P. and A. D. Hohler (2015). """"Comprehensive Opportunities for Research and Teaching Experience (CORTEX): A mentorship program."""" Neurology 84(23): 2372-2376."""""	" Objective: We developed a program to promote medical student interest in pursuing a career in neurology. This program focuses on medical student mentorship. It also offers opportunities in teaching and clinical research in order to provide students with marketable skills for an academic career in neurology. Methods: Through this program, students are provided with guidance in developing a fourth-year clerkship schedule and an application package for residency programs. Students are involved and mentored in clinical research. Opportunities are also provided for students to teach their peers, with sessions focusing on examination preparation. Results: Since the implementation of this program in 2010, the number of students entering into the field of neurology fromour institution significantly increased from14 students between 2006 and 2010, to 30 students between 2011 and 2014 (p < 0.05). Medical student research productivity increased from 7 publications during 2006–2010, to 22 publications, 14 poster presentations, and a book chapter after implementation of this program in 2010 (p < 0.05). Conclusions: In this mentoring program, students are prepared for residency application and provided with research and teaching opportunities. Students develop a highly desirable academic skill set for residency and have matched at top-ranked institutions. This program has been successful in improving student productivity in clinical research and garnering student interest in neurology. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2016 APA, all rights reserved)"""
NaN		2212	"Zuzuarregui, J. R. P. and A. D. Hohler (2015). """"Comprehensive Opportunities for Research and Teaching Experience (CORTEX) A mentorship program."""" Neurology 84(23): 2372-2376."""""	" Objective: We developed a program to promote medical student interest in pursuing a career in neurology. This program focuses on medical student mentorship. It also offers opportunities in teaching and clinical research in order to provide students with marketable skills for an academic career in neurology. Methods: Through this program, students are provided with guidance in developing a fourth-year clerkship schedule and an application package for residency programs. Students are involved and mentored in clinical research. Opportunities are also provided for students to teach their peers, with sessions focusing on examination preparation. Results: Since the implementation of this program in 2010, the number of students entering into the field of neurology from our institution significantly increased from 14 students between 2006 and 2010, to 30 students between 2011 and 2014 (p < 0.05). Medical student research productivity increased from 7 publications during 2006-2010, to 22 publications, 14 poster presentations, and a book chapter after implementation of this program in 2010 (p < 0.05). Conclusions: In this mentoring program, students are prepared for residency application and provided with research and teaching opportunities. Students develop a highly desirable academic skill set for residency and have matched at top-ranked institutions. This program has been successful in improving student productivity in clinical research and garnering student interest in neurology."""
